comment_text
OSCAR
Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer = perfection
This deserves an Oscar and not shape of you.
This movie was like watching a loud plane fly over you for 3 hours...there was no climax or anything...disappointing
Get fucked Nolan, no oscars for you.
HARRYYYYYY???????????????????????? like if you want to see it for harry
Christopher Nolan should've won oscar..but its ok..
I saw operation Dunkirk thinking it was this, but it was a rip-off instead
THIS MOVIE MAKES ME WANNA THROW UP SO BAD
Best Film Editing - Oscar
Such a shame that this film lost to a film like "The Shape of Water".
You know the Oscars are garbage when the shape of water wins over a masterpiece like this.
DUNKIRK movie [ nerdy.bid/HS32F ]
Oh yeah....Got oscar?????€????????€???
wow nice trailer
LAME
When u have no idea u make a movie about war;)such a banal movie proposed for oscar?!think that oscars r banal too...
This is the best ww2 movie ever
This movie is proof you don't need gore to be emotionally scarred by a film. A masterpiece.
Nolan is a legend.
I am watching this movie and I learned something: war is bad and frustrating. But I never knew it could be so fucking boring. I hope something exciting happens, something more than people drowning. Wow, people in the water just caught fire. Gasoline in the water 'n' all. Something actually happened. Now back to closeups of men looking worried and pilots playing with their glass canopies. That's a lot of actors to have to hire, cloth in uniforms, so they can stand around looking all dirty or oily. Oh What a war what a war. Holy shit, somebody showed up at a newspaper's offices with a photograph! That was interesting. Hey I thought that looked like Bane (now if mad max were in this movie that might have been worth the price of admission. Hell, there isn't even an insane asylum full of loonies to convince into following one to safety). The Thin Red Line had poetry and it was much more fucking interesting.
I dont know why peeople go crazy about this movie?! No real action,no particular tention, just a lot of people waiting on a sand beach,for me this feels like it is unfinished. But I guess it is forced by some one,just like that movie Black Panther..
worst god damn movie ive ever saw
I really hope this wins the Oscars. It deserves to.
stupid movie i didnt like it and i don????????t understand the high ratings
Awesome trailer, movie is a waste of time.
Boby really carved out a name in the business, gotta love it
Am I the only one who found the movie below par? Maybe was expecting too much after Saving Pvt Ryan, Enemy at the gates and Fury
I watched this on the phone, I kept turning up the volume to hear stuff and out of nowhere a plane comes up and scares the shit out of me
does hardy even have a consistent role in the movie? cause harry isnt enough for me to watch it. the movie twists what actually happened in real life (of course), it seems its just the cinematography and surround (if youre fortunate for that) sound is all it can show for it.
i skipped backwards and yep that was him, our tom hardy
Is the song used in the trailer in the film????????s album?
Harry's still gorgeous tho
Saw this movie about 6 7 months still come back to watch the trailer for 10000 time idk this movie is a fucking masterpiece it will be a shame if some other movie wins the intensity the direction the effects are fucking top notch and in imax it felt like you are sitting on the beach of dunkirk yourself
Where's Red Daniels? ???????€?
Boring AF
God. This movie is just so boring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmATHQpYVvA&t=19s
this is by far the best war movie ive ever seen beter then saving privet ryan
1:43 ????????????????
Being liked by all doesn????????t mean it????????s good.I don????????t think everyone likes this movie but I don????????t hate it,i just think that the directors and producers could have done it better,the screen play leaves to be desired,the cinematography is good but still it doesn????????t deserve an oscar for my opinion.
DID I JUST SEE HARRY FRIGGIN STYLES??>!
"You can practically see it from here.
 What?
 Me:oscar"
i came here cuz of thomas shelby
watch the full movie here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEuDxt4FlHo
The 9,000 people that disliked this video are assholes, or neo Nazis.
I would like to know about the army from Germany, What happened to him?! ????????????????
Rubish movie!
I feel sorry for Gibson
It is awwwweeeeessssoooommmmeeee????????????????????????????????????????
A complete Bullshit story that fits in well with the nonsense people are force fed in education, Hitler allowed the British to escape in the hope of a "another" peace deal plea between the two countries - no chance of that with the drunken lunatic Zionist puppet Churchill
origins of the peaky blinders ? xD
fkn shitty boring ass movie wasted time
one of those awkward moments you dont wanna go to Belgium
It was a little boring to be honest-very well shot but underwhelming
It's sad only stupid ignorant people that know nothing about history would think this movie was good it was so inaccurate truly sad. I'M SO TIRED OF FILTHY HOLLYWOOD LYING TO OUR YOUNG PEOPLE
Hollywood is nothing but a gang of criminals it's such a damn shame how they twist history this movie won all kinds of awards and it's the most inaccurate to the point of actual Criminal !!!!there's nothing worse than the filthy scum pedophiles of Hollywood so now everybody watches this stupid movie from Hollywood they think this is what Dunkirk was like the movie was a complete absolute lie it was much much much more intense. There was hundreds of stuka attacks!!! 300,000 men. They fought a bloody bloody rear action. the movie showed none of this !!!my best friend's father fought for his life off of Dunkirk Beach and he couldn't believe it!!!! 98 years old and he walked out of the theater this poor old man with such disgrace from watching just a little bit of this movie it made him cry. FILTHY SCUM HOLLYWOOD SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES.
For the British soldiers and French troops defending the city of Dunkirk, France was a battle between good and evil in where they evacuated under the saddened circumstances before the nazis came in and became the enemy occupier of the first town of France they had invaded.
harry style is the best soldier
This seemed more of a documentary rather than a film tbh..
Hitler allowed the allies to scape at Dunkirk..
Just saw this. Beautiful 2 hour trailer! When does the movie come out?
this was totally overhyped, theres not really much to it. it was a mess to watch. what a waste of time
Love this movie
greatest war movie in my opinion
such a cool movie
Such a good movie ?????€???
Best Director of all time . He should make Justice League movie he's a guy who can change a weak into strongest Like Bane .I know he'll not cast any superhero movies but I love watching movies .Chris Nolan
very emotional movie
Doh hsbe ksjebs mhggeshbiubsndj jhhhd
im only here for Harry but the movie looks great!!
another Hollywood type show to wash up the history . Stupid times , stupid people
Harry Styles omg
I'm not going to lie, this movie was a bore, I felt sleepy right after 30 minutes. I've seen way better war movies then this. Hacksaw Ridge vs Dunkirk= Hacksaw Wins with a knockout in the first round!!
Only wanna watch this because cillian Murphy is in it
?????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€???
British spirit will never ever be broken.
OSCARR , Oscar sir , that????????s what this deserves.
probably nicely made MOVIE,...probably historically full of bull shit,..as every one made before this one
"This movie is something else, its not that call of duty war movie with heroes dodging every bullets and doing impossible shit. No Fort the first time i felt what it was being at war , what it truly was. No Rambo's , no fun , no safety , no calm .. Only fear , despair ,anxiety about what is coming next , traumas , and everything that a human shouldnt experience. I felt it like i was there, with those soldiers. Hearth skiping a beat when hearing the sirens and the planes passing by , the despair of the situation , the fear of never going back , the feeling of not knowing if you are gonna be alive within the next minute. The heavy atmosphere of everything , the time passing extremely slow , to the point of it being unsupportable . The sound of bombs and screams of suffering. This movie tricked me thinking i was there too in a way that ive never experienced.

  Not only it succeeded to make me feel there , it also made me realize that we are lucky right now. I got a monstrous respect for the people who lived in those dark time. Its not human , we werent made to experience this. Its beyond the limit. Its pure hell.

  Look at us now , its like we forgot what humanity went through , we hate and insult each other for meaningless things like a tweet on the internet. We cry and blubber constantly while not seeing what we have right now and how lucky we are. We forgot what happened so we slowly are repeating the story until its too late. We are weak , so weak.

 Its one , if not THE best movie i have ever seen. Movies are made to make us feel. This one did that in way that is indescribable.
 Christopher Nolan visuals and Hans Zimmers music are like a two pieces puzzle fitting perfectly together. Awesome movie."
somebody pushed me ,i fall and died , that's why i became a war hero
HI did nothing wrong.
The movie is good I have watched no doubt the scenes seems to me real all actors were fabulous ,but what it was is just a case in which army men from england fighting along the French wanted desperately to go back to their home leaving the French behind the British army went back not by their war ships but by small boats (as in the movie Japanese plane bombed the war ships of Britishers )........Rest its JUST THAT WELL I WAS HOPING MUCH MORE .....!!!!!!!!!
what a let down this boring piece of shit was. I think Nolan had some kind of breakdown when he made this. And please keep the likes of Harry styles and cara delavigne out of big films you fucking dickheads :D Honestly..if you're yet to watch this, lower your expectations immediately, it frigging sucks. And the "music" literally does not stop one throughout the whole thing. Felt like some experimental pretentious college shit lol
Best war movie of 2017
Best movie of 2017. Anyone who thinks it was bad can go fuck themselves.
meu amor Harry styles!!!!
Christopher Nolan sir?????€????????€????????€????????€???
The old man on the little ship was based off of officer charles lightoller an officer on the titanic who initially went down with the ship and was sucked under but propelled to the top by an exploding boiler... he then took command of an overturned llfeboat.....
"4/10

 Not a movie I'd watch twice. It's nowhere close to Hacksaw ridge"
As I heard, in this movie, there were almost no spec effects, the plains were real too, the actors had to sit in real ww2 war plains, only 5% was spec effects in the whole movie.
out class movie dunkirk but nawaz shreef saab apko q nikkla??
Does harry (alex) dies..please say no
absolute rubbish movie... so much hype... for what?
Came here for Harry ??????
StukaWhirlwindCorsair
https://youtu.be/VDTYw7-h500
10/10!!
Why is there no women soldiers
Totally shit
Harry is the best of the movie ????????
OMG..NEW MAP BF1 2018
a piece of art
Only for HARRY STYLES
Great film!!!! Be sure to check out my short WW2 film https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUL2844iL0c&t=9s
"good movie!Many English think Simple is best because many english likes simple stories,and they have simple mind.
 l"
This film is not realistic. These people are supposed to be British from 1940 and yet their teeth are not disgusting and most of them have fillings and crowns from at least 70 years after the war.
This was a beautiful film
GOSTARIA DE VER AS FEMINISTAS LUTANDO NUMA SITUA???€?????O DESTA. KKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
Huge disappointment of a film, I thought it would be another Private Ryan but more like Private Pike.....supposed to be 300,000 soldiers on beaches but at times it looked like a winter day at Margate, Tom Hardy the big star of the film basically sat in a spitfire and didnt say a word, but it was magic since it flew around the beach head without power for what seemed hours. What could have been an epic film about many brave men turned into a huge dud.....the original with John Mills was miles better.......but I suppose I was delusional as anything with that twat from One Direction is hardly likely to be a multi oscar winner.
What a bloody good movie. Chris and Hans are the best.
Se tem Tom Hardy, ???? bom!
I watched it and i loved it
"???????Germany????????s
 unforgiveable crime before WW2 was its attempt to loosen its economy from out of the world
 trade system and build up an independent exchange system from which the world finance could
 not profit any more.??????? The ever-glorious achievement of Nazi Germany in the 1930s was to
 manage its own banking system, away from the tentacles of Rothschild control. It printed its own
 money at source, that????????s why it had that terrific economic recovery, that no other European
 country could match. No other country before or since in Europe managed that in the 20th
 century, escaping from the clutches of international bankers. Churchill is seeing that as a Reason
 for War."
"???????The war is not just a matter of elimination of fascism in
 Germany, but rather about obtaining German sales markets.???????"
"???????You must understand, this war is not against Hitler or National Socialism,
 but against the strength of the German people, which is to be smashed once and for all.???????"
Get high n watch this movie... thank me later... :)
My grandfather Arhtur James Kirk was a Mid Upper Gunner in the Lancaster Bomber 15 Squadron Mildenhall..This is his story of Dunkirk ..... http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/ww2peopleswar/stories/59/a8935059.shtml
Not enough black women
I have to say that this movie was one of the best movies that I????????ve ever seen. My only regret was not having enough time to see it in theaters.
"This movie is not about The War... It's about Brexit and the German domination over Europe....

 The idea of the movie is brilliant....but the movie itself is so badly made, it's by far the worst war movie I've ever seen.

 -Bad improvised insincere acting...you can tell the actors are faking it...
 -Bad visual effects, the scene with the spitfire plane flying or gliding over the shore, you can clearly see it's a plastic model not a real plane, flying over background film imagery.
 -The buildings by the sea are all modern, there's even a glass metal building, not from the time of that war.
 The one character very recognizable in the movie is Nigel Farrage...

 I can't believe this move is Oscar nominated, it tells you everything about the Oscars and Hollywood, it is not the art... It's the politics...decides Everything... Everywhere....


 They shoukd create a new country with no politics....

 Where politics and religions are illegal.... I would live in such a place...."
I was literally so thrilled to c this movie kept me on the edge of my seats every second ????????????????
Surely deserves best picture like if you agree
PLZ GIVE MORE VIDZ!!!! I still watch your "long range" and "water and bridges" video every week. Definitely has shaped the way I want to fly and shrunken my wallet. Keep it up man.
Who is here after watching Oscar Nominations?
I dont know why but this trailer reminds me of when my grandma would tell me stories about how her dad fought against the japanese in burma apparently one time both the japs and brits ran out of ammo and it ended up in a bloody fight with spades and knives. She would say that he had huge scars down his arms where he was basically sliced by shovels.
I really enjoyed this film but half the actors looked the same. It was very hard to work out who was who.
Honestly I was really looking forward to this film but it really wasn't good. The best thing was Hans Zimmer soundtrack that was about it. 330,000 people on the beach irl and about 300 in the film, at the end irl 1000's of ships evacuated the soldiers, not 10. There's just so many things bad about this move it's sad
Does anyone know the name of that type of music in the end of tbe trailer?
Wasn't that great, was expecting more
Now create a movie about Stalingrad
8 OSCAR NOMINATIONS GUYS!
Gay
DUNKIRK was underfunded by $50 million and needed 35 minutes more of actual dialogue, character depth, and backstory.
When you just see Tommy Shelby and Alfie Solomons in the war.
Congrats on your 8 Oscar nominations!
8 Oscar Nominations including Best Picture, Best Director (about time) and Best Original Score (it should win over the shape of water).
"Okay, I just have to get this off my chest.
 Even though I'm fully aware that some people, mostly critics, like this film.
 I thought, and this is my personal opinion, that Dunkirk was one of the WORST war dramas ever made!
 Nearly no dialouge, not one likable or relatable character, literally no tension and boring as hell!
 How this film did so well amazes me.
 It felt more like a documentary about Dunkirk than an actual film.
 There is literally no impact being delivered.
 It's just rubbish with no soul.
 Dunkirk is a terrible film which I wouldn't recommend to anyone.
 The only good aspects that came from it were the cinematography (which was phenomenal) and the overall soundtrack.
 Those are the only things I can complement this film on."
Once again a movie the hails the British as victims and heroes! Would it have mattered if the Germans had atomic weapons in 1940 and completely obliterated the British Isles, save the Irish? The evil Hitler and Nazis, who rampaged for SIX YEARS, are forever used by the infinitely more EVIL BRITISH scoundrels and scalawags who plundered, tortured, raped (especially small children), and murdered in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Burma, Sri Lanka, Africa, China, Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong, the Middle East, Cyprus, Afghanistan, Ireland... to "hide" their heinous crimes against humanity that lasted for more than FOUR HUNDRED YEARS and spanned all continents, except Antartica. 150+ million people murdered by the most bloodthirsty colonists, the British! Why aren't movies made depicting the British of their atrocities, brutality, and genocidal acts in lands they milked, pillaged, and plundrered?
Love this movie
If you have the opertunity to wach it for free then do it. Don't pay to watch this movie, don't make the same mistake I did.
watched this last night. okay movie but felt like an hour was missing from the start of the movie. shame would have made it a great movie!
Do they use any One Direction song in the movie??
"U can practically see it from here
 What ?
 Oscar"
You can practically see it from here, what?.....Home!
This movie is only nice if you like seeing drowning British infantry. Not a single fight between Germans and British, not a single German face was shown in this movie!!
Overrated film
christoph Nolan hasn't a clue about shooting a film he's bolixing around with these Imax cameras only suitable for large cinemas that equipped with Imax screens there's none where I live so I go and buy the bluray film and put on my 2.40 widescreen and it won't show it properly because some parts of the film are shot in 1.78 and other parts are shot in 2.00 so your trying to watch a film that has black bars the it hasn't then it has fuck off with the Imax cameras Christopher people like me spend thousands on building a home cinema we don't need this shit. Make your mind up shot the film in either 2.20 or 1.78!
welcome to the only pg13 movie with 4 f bombs
Very very very very boring movie, great sound effect,great filming, lame story, it could be much better.
I really love the music
No black africans ruining the movie. AWESOME!!!
the best movie Ever ??????????????
i hate warner bros
here the story of the movie: soldiers running around , planes flying around. that's it. there is nothing more in it. crap movie. IMO they made this retarded movie to test how dumb viewers can get.
i dont see how poeple like this movie its so shit theres too much focusing on persons that is doing nothing and a whole hr for the camera to just stare at the soldiers thats all i do not recommend this movie
Saw it. Loved it. Better win Best Picture!!
The movie sucks it sucks and it sucks...
I was disappointed with DUNKIRK. It was boring and uninspiring. The action of what really happened that day was lacking.
Stupid movie. No plot. Only 3 scenes. Regret buying it.
Probably the most boring movie I have seen in my life...... Christopher Nolan had way better movies than this crap. Bascically what happens in the movie is: soldiers get attacked by german bombers. that's it. No story, no characters, no drama, no interesting dialogs, no thrill, no twist, nothing. big waste of time.
Is the movie good?
I cried watching this movie
Order is Order a military men is trained die hard to do orders, kill as much as u see, life is logical, that`s not germany`s mistake to advance in France, that`s ADOLF HITLER who was so keen to invade.
Anything by Christopher Nolan is a masterpiece. Anything!
This movie is boring.
When I watched this movie I cried. ????????
My god what a letdown this movie was. A plotless, joyless jumble.
is it in Hindi ? if yes please sent me link (movie)
The worst of this movie are the sound effects.... They could have made a more interesting and attractive film if they had gotten the audience into the story by maximizing and emphasizing pretty much all the damn sounds like airplanes engines, voices and just make the sound great the whole movie for god's sake. It's about WWII come on...... (sigh)
"https://youtu.be/w6C5P-AYGdY
 the true story of this battle"
this movie was fucking terrible, actually it's a disgrace to call this a war movie. there's little to no action, mediocre acting, and the plot line that has had such little effect on me it was like watching a movie about a person who works at the county fair.
"Death then...By exile
Cillian ??????
film about loosers, no thanks.
it was a fine movie but i was expecting much more ...
Okay so this film is load as hell. but good at the same time.
"In May 1940, the British were on the verge of defeat. The English army was trapped at Dunkirk. Rather than take them prisoner, Hitler halted his generals for three days allowing 330,000 men to escape.

 ""The blood of every single Englishman is too valuable to shed,"" Hitler said. ""Our two people belong together racially and traditionally. That is and always has been my aim, even if our generals can't grasp it."" (Kilzer, p.213)"
COD: WWII on PS400.
Boring
"I wish I felt what others felt...an experience.
 I was bored and lost."
That Bullshit was so boring i fall as sleep after 20 minutes....
Great movie
Love. Is moving with Harry in it good work
Yet another Communist Jew Propaganda film. Anyone ever see a Hollywood film about the Communist Jews that mass-murdered 60 million innocent Russian men, women and children? ...I didn't think so.
I love youuuu Harry ????????????????????????????????????
instant classic
Yes very good film .
I heard this movie was fine
Came here to watch my Harry doin his thing???????€?
This movie is only un connected part to eachother and dramatic music. Was waiting months and its disappointment
"One of the weakest Nolan's movie. Not a bad movie as the whole (I mean technically), but a bad movie as a war movie. Nolan and his writers have no idea about real war. The atmospere is awesome though.
 You want a real war in a picture? Watch the Soviet Storm documentary. The translation and some scenes were edited in western propaganda style but you still may get the point."
Movie had only 3 scenes. Beach, air and boats. Wasn't a good movie, exaggerated and overacted.
"Fuck this war I'm just going to walk into the ocean..."
Rubbish acting, rubbish non story line, rubbish film. No where near as good as the original John Mills film. Tell me how a Spitfire can shoot down an ME109 WITH NO FUEL. Stupid beyond comprehension.
"Aww harry styles look so cool
 I'm only watching this movie because of harry styles
 Love u harry
 Please harry join one direction again"
Brilliant ! Brilliant ! Brilliant ! And I hate most modern Hollywood films. This was just astonishingly good. Nolan deserves to win it BIG !
"Hitler was right!
 88"
Tom Hardy :-(
shit movie
I really liked this movie it was intense
1:30 ?? SONG PLEASE
Britain And Russia have the Great Worriors!!!
Fucking masterpiece.
This movie was better but not great like the 'Saving private Ryan'. None of the directors can match steven Spielberg view of direction for war movies!!
This is best movies of 2017 ==> http://bestmoviesof2017.com/
One of the best movies from 2017! Tells an inspiring true story in an incredible way, transporting us to the spot. Christopher Nolan surely deserves to be praised for his work. WWII was an event that marked the world's history and we must keep it in mind to avoid such tragedy to happen again! Nolan was incredible and I'm glad the movie's getting so much attention. For me, this movie has already won (at least) one Oscar!
I have just done a Star Wars tribute video using the music it and it works perfectly! Its StarWars- WAR
A beautiful film about defeat and cowardice
Just another one Hollywood propaganda movie .In the real history this is the most disgraceful escape of the UK army during WW2,but of course the movie is made to show a heroism. Hitler let almost 400 000 soldiers to go free back to UK and in the same time the ,,horrible'' nazies start killing them? Whats the point? Does not make any sense.They are so many ignorant people who`s gonna believe this crap. Winners make the history,right?
He's coming back around . . .
the move sucks. Was boring.
Who was watching just for Harry Styles bc ????????€??????????????????????????????
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dB_xNkbysoA
 ???€????€????????? ???????????€????€? Dunkirk 2017 ???????€????????????? ???????€????????????€????€? | ???€????????????????€? HD"
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dB_xNkbysoA
 ???€????€????????? ???????????€????€? Dunkirk 2017 ???????€????????????? ???????€????????????€????€? | ???€????????????????€? HD"
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dB_xNkbysoA
 ???€????€????????? ???????????€????€? Dunkirk 2017 ???????€????????????? ???????€????????????€????€? | ???€????????????????€? HD"
This movie's intense. Watched it with headphones.
most boring movie i ever watched, the emoji movie is better than this
LMFAO such a shit movie and confusing no action barley any dialogue waste of time
one of the best movies i have ever seen ever, just understand the history before u see it. it was so vivid so detailed, so moving, so inspiring. absolutely amazing
All that heroism only to be betrayed by your own governments decades later that allowed 3rd world scum to invade your homeland.
I love this movie...just so well done, and how tough the English are! And some come back to kick Hitler in the crotch -- EPIC! A sure buy and share - great in the cockpit video - and honestly - it wraps up quite WELL! LOVE IT! I will add to my video collection of winning WW2. Great stuff!
No CGI No visual effects No green screen everything is real with a real planes, real boats real sky and a real ocean bravo Christoper Nolan
This movie was so horribly done I would have no problem punching the producer in the face.
1:39 im so confused what happened
This movie was simply boring. Pretty much no story line, minimal amounts of dialogue and not enough action scenes. 4/10
typical west moviess germany is enemy and U.S or England is herooo
I saw this movie and it was the best movie I have ever seen
..and FAT PAT is what I'm jammN on...tops)) drops))) topps drops))))
I love it because of Harry
this movie was wack, it had great visuals but overall it was boring, the PG-13 rating really hurt the movie honestly, stop overrating it because it????????s a Nolan movie..
I just w a t c h Dunkirk http://bit.ly/2CqWAyx and now i w a t c h i n g it again with my sister.oh God, i'm so excited !
kind of movie that you should watch in theatres
wasn't as boring as "a most wanted man" but still pretty damn boring
This is a nice movie. Who made this anyway? Oh wait it's me.
All i saw was a bunch of pussies running away like headless chickens from a stronger side
Wtf that french guy saved most of the guys and they let him die no wonder they got their asses burned by the germans
A film about cowards who ran like rats! Thank the USSR and its glorious heroes who strangled the fascists!
the worst movie from C.N
"They're coming back around"
I just got this on DVD and man I can't wait to watch it. I got it Saturday.
o filme ruim pelo amor de Deus
Worst movie ever i want back my 2h ffs !!!
master piece
obra maestra
I was so dissapointed after watching this movie,no action on the land...I would not recommend this movie to anyone
What a shit movie.. 1 plane goes after another plane the whole fcuking movie and then boats under water, 100 gay army with same haircut. -1/10
1:29 what's the name of the song?
I love this film!!!! Be sure to check out my short WW2 film https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUL2844iL0c&t=14s
I only got through 26 minutes of this boring as shite movie. Much of those 26 minutes were watching some coward trying to board a ship or take a dump.
Nice movie
A fantastic movie about German superiority.
i shed a tear when the french man drowned
Bug????nk????rkbir
there will be many dead defending UK jew bastards
There????????s more dialogue in the trailer than there is in the whole film.
a MOVIE about 1 hero and hundreds of thousands of a pu****s (all of them brexiters). poor choice of a plot nolan, poor choice.
Great cinematography but maaan... what a shitty film this turned out to be. 4/10
Harry????????????????
Some talent and millions of dollars wasted for one and a half hour of suspense... That' s about it. Shoulda watched something else!
Hey whats the name of the music that plays towards the end. I don't think thats in the movie soundtrack.
I saw no French fries in here (sorry I just had to XD)
Saw this for the first time today . It's ok but lacking a lot . Not a film I would rush to see again . It lacks atmosphere for one . Failed to give me a sense of the horror on the beaches for the troops . Even when the ship was torpedoed I should of been able to get a feeling of the tragedy of what was happening to the poor troops drowning after thinking they had been saved . Didn't feel anything which was weird . The acting was fine though .
I don't know why would the British or Canadian soldiers shoot the Ju 87s/Bf 109 with their rifles because how I see it does nothing
Dunno why everyone likes this movie. Literally every single film of Nolan is better than this one. It is a piece of art in points of sound and visuality but the story .....the poor story
The genius of this movie is little to no character development and allowing the viewer to feel, movies get bad raps without character development this one I believe it????????s genius
You don't see one German in the whole film!
Holocaust never happened, world jewry started both world wars and 98% of the communists in Europe were jews.
"What makes this movie so special?





 Christopher Nolan"
This is the most beautiful movie i ever seen in my entire life
So basically the movie it's about watching the axis hammering the allies like target practice. Stupid
"I hate it when people complain when a film isn't 100% authentically perfect - as if everything can be replicated and accounted for in one movie.

 Another thing if you don't find the film interesting then your probably not very good at following a story - you don't need everything spelt out for you. There's a lot going on in this movie and you can either understand and appreciate it or you can't."
Dont watch this movie, it sucks dino turds hard. Lame lame lame, no action and its boring af.
I admire UK for their resilience.
???????Harry styles???????
Anyone who calls this movie is a retard and deserves to get punched in the face. If you don't like this movie, go watch shitty movies like Justice League and Transformers instead.
This movie is truely a MASTERPIECE.. chapeau for the makers!!! imdb should rate it at 9.5
???????€????????€? ???????????????€?
Operation boring shit
Wow..harry styles(one direction) on dunkirk..
Movie is boring skipping the movie was awesome
Awful film the back ground music was a constant irritant, no dialogue no story line...rubbish film, try watching the original 1958 DUNKIRK superb film, these remakes are awful.
Still hacksaw ridge is better
Chris Nolan in allways uses same actors in his movies. Not all of them but research and you will see..
Girls we all know the reason for which you'll see the movie !
This movie deserves to win Oscar
Cillian fookin Murphy!! By order of the Peaky fookin Blinders
most boring war movie ever....inferior in comparison to FURY or HACKSAW RIDGE
TOTALLY missed the mark on this one I'm afraid. Huge opportunity missed by those that should know better. Droning music humming along in the background, a spitfire with endless gliding abilites and charactors as dull as dishwater. What on earth where they thinking of ? Dull and boring in spades.
shit acting. shit film. fact. wat a waste .
Love that ticking clock type soundtrack. Really creates a sense of utmost urgency of time running out, to get the men to safety.
Bring appreciate memory pet saving picture remarkable amazing enter temperature everywhere urban.
Am I the only one who finds that guy Tommy so handsome?
From shameful flight made a heroic feat. How is a Western.
Watched this Moive - looks slow initially , but quickly you are in the "WAR zone" , with emotions and tensions building music keeps you getting engaged along with a bit non-linear narration ..... it really plays with your mind like earlier nolan movies .
This movie start out super slow. I was falling asleep.
VIETNAM FLASHBACKS
Just watched this and I so wish I had watched this in IMAX :(
I cannot believe this is the same country giving in to Islamists and race Stalinists now.
yes this operation was only possible because Hitler dind't hear on Feldmarschall Manstein. If the tank divission hadn't stopped, the whole allied army in Dunkirk would have taken prisoner. But the Oberbefreite Hitler knew everthing better and dind't listen to the advices of genuises like Manstein, Rommel, Guderian, Mackensen etc.
Bullshit film
Christopher Nolan rocks <3 <3 <3
"A film where we glorify the English army who flees and where French soldiers who sacrificed themselves to allow this evacuation are not even mentioned in feature
 film.
 Anglo-Saxon mentality ... ungratefulness"
Saw it in cinemas. Worst movie of this century, it was a wast of my money!
I Have watch this movie and i found regreat i l never guna watch this movie again in my life. Full of shit
all time best war movie...
Who's watching this trailer after watching IT on cinema. (Even tho IT Was a few months ago)
Just watched this and was very disappointed by it. Especially as the movie was directed by Christoper Nolan who of course directed one of the best movies ever 'The Dark Knight'. Too many different tangents and I felt no emotion from the film whatsoever. 5/10 for me and that's mostly just from the sheer effort in creating the movie.
didnt the germans just let them "get off" the continent? or are we rewriting history?
this shit boring asf
2 boring!!!
stupid ill film
100% NOISE. 100% HYPE. 100% FALSE ADVERTISING. DO NOT RENT! And if you don't like my review please go fuck yourself. Thanks! PS - Merry Christmas!
Last night i watched a stupid movie called ??????? IT ??????? . The film was boring bad acting and stupid story line. But today i watched Dunkirk. Amazing acting and music. Loved it.
Hahahaha........British LOSERS !!
Just another one for the record book!!!This movie was just another epic?? Christopher Nolan's work from start to end 10/10 for me!!!
Je te voix ,pardon my French
run
Shit movie 4 of 10
This is the WORST Dunkirk related film i have every seen - Sorry but true. Watch the earlier film, so much better
They just survived
As best as other movies of Nolan , loved the role of last plane and British patriotism for their soldiers.. but nowadays Britain is captured by Muslims .. plzz Nolan picturise that also
Nice movie
2k dislikes? Hahahhahaha fucking movie was brilliant
This movie is the best one i have seen this year.
???€????€? ???????????????€? ???????€????????????€????????€? ???????€????€????? ???????????????€????€? ???????????????????????? ?????€?????????????????
operation dunkirk is better
10-May
boring
Just seen this movie it was amazing
Nice movies
Chris would say watch it in IMAX
Why doesn't everybody understand why this is a great film?
0:50 , the event that shaped our world , what?
this film is shit i give him 1.7
What a shit movie. I almost fall asleep 20min into the movie. What was Christopher Nolan thinking filming this crap shit movie its beyond me. Horrible boring movie.
I saw this movie very good movie nice job
What tI h hell was this movie about..57 mins in and yeah I'm done...every actor looks exactly the same you can't tell who is who..I will watch my science project instead...underated flick by the way
Dunkirk pristine. Nearly no french. Empty beaches. I could go on. This film is so far from the real story its a crime. loved the sinking of several of the ships, but the sound in those scenes was horible. lets hope Christopher Nolan never makes a historic movie again.....
I dont no if this is a SPOILER or not but SPOILER ALERT!!! SPOILER ALERT!!! Question, When Tom Hardy lands his plane on the beach at the end, Does he get caught by German Soldiers or are those soldier's that are helping him to get to the evacuation section of the beach?
he may have a home and a life of his own
The town of Dunkirk was heavily bombed, the movie town only has some litter dropped by special effects. The beach is too nice, the spitfire landing scene is not possible on wet sand. Shooting down a ju87 without engine power then turning 180 deg was crap.THE MOVIE WAS TOO CLEAN, but worth watching. 6/10
Le premier bloc artificiel en b????ton, le T????trapode, a ????t???? invent???? en 1950 ????????????????????????????????????????????????
REGARDEZ LA PLAGE le T????trapode, a ????t???? invent???? en 1950 par le Laboratoire Dauphinois d'Hydraulique ?? Grenoble, France (Sogreah, maintenant Artelia).DONC LE BLOC BETON N EXISTE PAS EN 40 LOL .............ET DE PLUS ONT VOIT DES ANTENNES TV SUR LES TOIT LOL
Heard about this film on fresh air.
???€??€????????????????? ??????€????€????????€??????€??????€??????????????????€???????????????????€?????????????????????????
Super B movie.Nothing new actualy boring..
"When the civilian armada arrives and the officer asks the admiral, ""what do you see sir?""

 And the admiral replies, ""Home!""

 I teared up."
He's on me! ... I'm on him.
Best movie ever
You know, I heard complaints that Dunkirk is racist because it doesn't show blacks at the beach. But I did some research, and as it turns out, if you combine African blacks and the Indian population in Britain TODAY, it only numbers 3% of the population. So, knowing that, who's surprised?
Jesus loves you my friends!!!!!
Filme horrivel
"Dunkirk : no era lo que esperaba


 A veces intento no tener muchas expectativas ante pel????culas con alto ranking de cr????ticas , pero no siempre lo logro, sobre todo si se trata de un director que me interese.
 Dunkirk la nueva cinta de Christopher Nolan supon????a un paso en ascenso en su carrera , a mi juicio no creo que este sea el trabajo m????s consolidado del cineasta.
 A????o 1940, en plena II Guerra Mundial. En las playas de Dunkerque, cientos de miles de soldados de las tropas brit????nicas y francesas se encuentran rodeados por el avance del ej????rcito alem????n, que ha invadido Francia. Atrapados en la playa, con el mar cort????ndoles el paso, las tropas se enfrentan a una situaci????n angustiosa que empeora a medida que el enemigo se acerca.
 Cuando pensamos en Memento o El truco final , no quedan dudas de que el director puede hacer la pel????cula que quiera incluso hacer resurgir el mito de Batman con El caballero oscuro.
 Sin embargo a Nolan le faltaba una pel????cula hist????rica, un drama sobre la segunda guerra mundial y que mejor propuesta que Dunkirk.
 Decir que es una mala pel????cula ser????a injusto, tiene muchos m????ritos, incluso grandes posibilidades de ganar el Oscar a mejor pel????cula, sin embargo no era lo que esperaba
 T????cnicamente es una pel????cula impecable, la fotograf????a, el montaje y la producci????n en sentido general son de excelente factura.
 Dunkirk es una historia sobre sobrevivir en condiciones adversas, sobre el patriotismo , contada de manera simple sencilla.
 Si la puesta en escena es potente es realmente el compositor Hans Zimmer qui????n se lleva realmente todos los elogios, incluso por encima del director
 Dunkirk no alcanzar????a ni la m????s m????nima intensidad si no fuera por la exquisita banda sonora y el dise????o de sonido de uno de los mejores compositores de la industria
 Demasiado larga para mi gusto, cansona , que no me emocion???? y que en todo momento me hizo extra????ar al viejo Nolan
 Fionn Whitehead, Mark Rylance, Kenneth Branagh, Cillian Murphy, Harry Styles y Tom Hardy, qui????n nuevamente se tapa la boca se atienen a desempe????ar sus personajes
 Sin excesos
 Le perdono Dunkirk a Nolan y espero que me deslumbre en sus pr????ximos proyectos como lo hiciera con Interstellar o Inception"
"Sorry... but this movie is shit !
 Its oke if you didnt wait for it a year and just vieuw it at a sunday evening.. but after the time i waited for this its just realy dissapointing"
"only came here for harry
 lol"
https://youtu.be/NapFxhnH61g
Really? There are 10 million human stories to tell over the past 3000 years, but the baby boomer patriarch has to tell the same god damn fucking ww2 story 10 billion times in 50 years over and over and over and over. We get it you're a hero on the big screen, a constant loop of being asleep, wake up, its time to die, even Elvis died in media.
Shitty movie nolan.....shitty.....
Boring movie.
I think they did horrible on this movie . I kept on watching then I realized that I was watching the same movie like three times . I would give this movie like 1 out of 10 star rating
overrated
Best war-movie since "Idi i Smotri" (aka "Come and See").
another Nolan piece. another Hardy in a mask.
Too many white men, not enough brave lesbian eskimo transsexuals fighting nazis with witty repartee on twitter #yas #queen #slay
Why didn????????t hitler finish of the British once and for all
More war propaganda, lying & twisting HISstory for the sheeple ^^
"One of the most beautiful movies of the year.
 I saw her at the movies. The effects were imaginary
 Unbelievable thing of its beauty..."
Most boring war movie. 5/10 ?????€???
Probably the worst war film I've ever seen. I'd rather watch Kelly's Heroes or The Wild Geese on repeat...
weak
The whole English armies was spared thanks to Hitler. His generals begged him to wipe them out to end that side of the war. But hitlers emotions made him into a fool. Which came back to haunt him at the end of the war. If he had listened to his generals the war would have ended with a German victory.
12 seconds, into this trailer union flag upside down. seen enough, bad movie. what a let down.
Europeans should rise and stand on their feet. Seems like they think that their history, their culture, their people has no value. Dont give it up folks.. Your own people are the most precious possession you have in the world.
I have waited until today to watch this movie because it wasn't on Showbox. Now that I watched it I'm disappointed that it didn't show the carnage I expected. Good movie overall.
France took L anyway. Sad af
Harry styles!!!!!! ????????????????
Epic movie of sounds. This is what u call gripping
Bane flying the spitfire
Bloody hell, don't expect anything like saving private Ryan, this movie is loud and dull. Of all the 2nd world war films I've seen I'd not bother staying up to see it on telly unlike A bridge too far or Kelly's heroes, Where eagles dare, inglorious..... yawn!
surprise surprise harry's in this movie, LOUD movie.
"you can watch it but must it not .
 Here and there a few airfights and a few explosions on beach . but not more. somehow not exciting. there are james ryan or the war movie with brad pitt much better warmovies"
What a load of crap the 1950s film shit all over this modern pile of shit..
seems boring
Australians, Canadians and New Zealanders were counted among the British, but they forgot to include the Indians and Sikhs too.
first i watch this trailer... i shocked harry styles on this movie..
"COLLINS: He's on me.

 FARRIER: I'm on him."
Worst movie ever... why there is so many lunatics clammering over it is beyond me... ?? Nothing exceptional here.
anyone want a Lamborghini then but one
was that harry styles
what a fucking stupid movie
Terrible film, I didn't see much of a point in making a film like this, nowhere near as good as most war films, same with most films these days , like theres some conspiracy in making shit films period.
"those spitfires made me hard
 wait those spits aren't mk9s"
Cowards. All they did was run for the entire movie...
lol was that Harry Styles ?
it looks seriously boring
OSCAR OSCAR OSCAR
This was probably the worst movie i ever watched. City is like in 2017 not like in war world 2 . There is no conection and that music is so stupid and loud for no reason at all! I hate this movie and sadly this is the only place i can share my opinion. Because i just cant belive it that movie like this have 9 in imdb!
It went through my spine Christopher Nolan deliveres again. This is a movie to remember a story to tell for those who perished
what.a.shit..
This movie is like blending Peaky Blinders with Saving Private Ryan.
OVERRATED AF its like vantage point 8.3imdb really?
This movie is boring as fuck and the the Brits don't even speak bloody (understandable) English. Don't waste your time.
"???????????? ???????????€????????????????? ?????????????????????????????€????????????€????? ???????????????????€? ???€????????????????????? ????????????????€????????????€????€?.
 ???€?????????????€????€?, ???????????? ????????????????????€?????????????????????????? ???? ????????????????????????????????? ???? ?????????????????, ???? ???????€? ???????€????? ????????????????????????????????????????????€????? ???????????? ???????????????????????????? ????????????????????????. ???????€????? ???? ???????????????? ???????? ???€??????????"
Cad???? os brasileiros??????
the movie was ok but i could have been much better. the sequence of events in this movie is mest up it goes back and forth to the plane scenes and land scenes and then it seemed to go back in time, then it showed how the ship got attacked like twice in different scenes. the last part how the spitfire shot down an me 109 without an engine was kinda dumb. how the hell did the spitfire have enough speed to climb and turn around and shoot the me 109 with a dead engine?. but either way the move was decent. i give it 3/5.
10-Jun
8k muppets 13/12 /2017
Power of good video editor!
The Peaky Fucking Blinders are in this movie!!!
Christopher nolan you are the best
I found a link to watch this movie for free in 720p here: fastmovies.is/?p=1520
Good thing it was the Russians to win the war... and the Germans were way better people then these fucking British faggs
WTF is this?Worst war movie i ever watch.
this is such a great film highly reccomended!
Brits and Germans firebombed each other and fought for every square inch of territory and spilled so much blood. It's a crying fucking shame their ungrateful descendants let these lands be openly invaded by third world barbarians that share no ethnic or cultural background without firing a single shot in defense. What a fucking complete waste of life of Europeans that died and sacrificed themselves through all of the wars leading up to this day. Forgive me my ancestors.
Blue film open
Cilian Murphy's in it?Gotta watch it now
lol remember when germany let the entire british army escape in the hopes they would sue for peace and end the bloodshed but then churchill firbombs civilians to keep it going
This movie had 3 perspective's and that's fucking sick
Can anyone tell name of soundtrack which start playing after 1.30
DUMBEST FUCKING ENDING EVER! HOW THE FUCK DOES THE PILOT GLIDE AROUND ALL THE WAY TIL SUNSET WHILE 300 THOUSAND TROOPS GET EVACUATED? HIS PLANE SHOULD HAVE LANDED WITHIN MINUTES OF RUNNING OUT OF FUEL! HE COULD HAVE EASILY LANDED AND BEEN RESCUED ALONG WITH THE THOUSANDS OF TROOPS CHEERING HIM FOR FOR SAVING THEIR LIVES! WTFFFFFFFFFFFF
The shittest movie ever
The Biggest Shit of the movie I have ever seen
Woah, how is tjere so much views. Compare to other trailers, is this a lot?
This is hands down the best movie of the year.
I just watched, and i'm crying...
???€????????????? ???????€? ???????????????€????€? ???????? ???????????????????????? ???????? ?????????????? ???????????????????€? ???????€????? ???????€? ???????????????????? ???€?????????????€?????????????????, ???????????????????????€????????????? ???????????????????????????? ???????? ???????????????????? ???????? ???????????????? ???????????????????????€????? ???€????????????????????? ???????? ?????????????????.
0:45 ragequit on noob team
This movie is crap
0:47 Harry from One Direction also on the movie
Incredible.Saw this movie on my 200 inch C SEED 4k Widescreen.
wanted to see this for ages. Massive let down ?????€????????€???
War movie for babies, too soft and boring. Christopher Nolan always make shit like this. You can't actually see people dying, you just assume they are dead after a scene. Pussy Nolan!
Just waisted 2 hours on this fucking horrible movie...?????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?, syncopy and WB. The script was probably 2 pages long. ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Outstanding film Christopher Nolan is a genius :)
fucking fake jewish bullshit propoganda for stypid sheeps, btw Soviet Warriors never run like fucking rats and in this situation thay 100% push, attack and destroy enemy
Dunkirk movie shows , how each of the soldiers were special. WW2 was the greatest war of all time. And fighting at the beach was not easy. Just imagine how they went through with all these 400,000 soldiers. Movie is best army movie ever made i think. Deserve Oscar for everything. Respect to all the soldiers
0:47 is that Harry Styles on left????
Just watched it......standard propaganda pic....rather facile and clich????d.
When the British attacked Turkey, our grandfathers felt the same things
the music sounds like it's from a horror film
British preferred to flee instead of fighting the Germans, leaving the French to do the fight and abandoning tones of equipment, the evacuation was twisted by the press and politicians by being called a victory!7 minutes ago???????
Nolan does it again.
So bad movie
Fact: It's easier to drive 400,000 Europeans into a corner than to take one house in Stalingrad (Pavlov's house) ...
largest TURKEY
"This film is propaganda. Nolan has been used. Truth is war is rich mans game; a racket - military sales, Swiss banks profits, destabilising regimes or tsar (as in Ww1). Then there's oil, gas and minerals. Think Yemen 4 billion barrels under their as soon as they've bombed all the life in top to atoms. Sometimes the installed new leaders break free and do their own thing like Hitler and Gaddafi and hussein so they get bumped off.

 Then there's the naive children sold iers and the amazing bravery and madness shown by desperate people in trauma. 6th June at 6am.. 666

 http://ww2today.com/the-british-count-the-cost-of-dunkirk

 The film focuses on the child sold iers ..the sacrificed. Ww2 led to the creation of Israel the private central bank of private banks the BIS and it got the public upset to justify more wars later.

 It's now proven that Pearl harbour was known about well before the planes arrived!!

 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/8932197/Pearl-Harbour-memo-shows-US-warned-of-Japanese-attack.html

 So, Dunkirk murder for what? The US UK had air superiority! Horror to justify more war?? Of course war is a business ..

 The film is about as useless, criminally overpaid and full of lies as a BBC presenter like mayo - 400k a year was it ... feel sick"
T????rkler varsa e????er valla izleyin pi????man olmass????n????z .
Hands down. HANS ZIMMER would rock in any genre.
Just watched it again, still an awesome movie. So sad to see people saying that other movies are better.
"I just wanna say that this movie is awesome 10/10
 Spoiler laert harry styles is gonna be there"
Trailers better than the movie
#NAME?
great evacuation ,but fuck motherfucker churchill he was no better than hitler
???????You must understand that this war is not against Hitler or National Socialism, but against the strength of the German people, which is to be smashed once and for all, regardless whether it is in the hands of Hitler or a Jesuit priest.??????? Winston Churchill, 1940. Emry Hughes - ???????Winston Churchill, His Career in War and Peace.???????
Why is there no movie on Russian contribution in world war2 when they are the one who sacrificed most during world war 2??
The Germans let them leave.. No what this is about ?
By order of the peaky fucking blinders
Here is the full move : https://youtu.be/N9ibRqpa9Pg
This is one shit boring movie. If you're struggling to sleep play it and thank me next day! Lol
0:24 Obvious green screen
This is legit the best movie ever. I have never been more stressed, confused, scared, happy, sad and worried in my life. It was done sooooooo well.
???????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????!!!!!!!
"I get it when people call this movie boring .
 Especially since I watched Hacksaw Ridge before this, but it's a great and important film .
 Not just for the fact that I don't think I saw a single CGI shot ! lol ,,..."
disappointed.
You guys can fuck me up, but this movie wasn't as good as i expected. it had an amazing camera man, good director and a shitty boring story.
Just came from seeing this movie goddamn christopher nolan is the man called god
If you think Paris Hilton movies are bad, watch this. Otherwise, go watch something that isn't a total waste of time and money.
Glorification of violence. It's almost like we are living on a planet of violence, greed, suffering, where people are entertained by watching violence, playing violent games, and on talk shows just dishing out whatever harm that can be done to others. The EGO flourishes during Kali Yuga. Fill your mind with images of what you want this planet to be.
This film was not a celebration and was conveyed as such, it was however a film about survival.
lol, movie about english cowardice ... need to see how cowardice was presented as a feat.... xDDD....It's still necessary to make a movie about the french that heroically capitulated xDDDD
"What others see:
 War
 Ships
 Soldiers
 Dogfights

 What I See:
 Bane
 Scarecrow
 Man who made Dark Knight
 Man who makes Epic Music"
"Very disappointing movie .
 The movie is not about action , it's only conversations
  between movie characters ."
The story of Dunkirk is 100% lie. The truth is, that it was the Germans who allowed the British troops to peacefully leave ??????€? on order of Adolf Hitler. And these soldiers knew they were allowed to peacefully leave. The ironic thing is, that a lot of these Allied soldiers owe their lives to Hitler. Of course, that is if they lived through the war, but those who died own their death to their so-called leader, Churchill. https://historyofnationalsocialism.wordpress.com/2017/07/23/big-lie-about-dunkirk/
So deep
Dunkirk 2017 was poorly edited. For the first 30 minutes, one scene would seem to occur at night, while the next scene would be daytime, and then back to night again.
I like how the Spitfire keeps flying around for 20 minutes or so after its engines quit.
Man, what an intense movie...
"This movie is overrated
 There are a lot of mistakes and the storyline is bad
 The actors are so lame
 If you think this movie will be like Saving Private Ryan then you????????re wrong"
battlefield 1 the movie
Did anyone else see Harry Styles at 0:47 one the way left and at 1:39 and I think at 1:53-1:54 ??
i cannot wait until more movies like these come out
I was bored through the whole movie
"???????????????? ???????????€????€? ???????????€????€????????????????€? ???????€????? ???????€????????????€? ???????€????????????????????€????? ????
 MOVIE SHOW"
I like it but I like hacksaw ridge more
As a film it was enjoyable enough, certainly the special effects were so good I couldn't understand how certain scenes were created, I just think there was some seriously bad editing with the Tom Hardy scenes and his Spitfire, even the opening lines before the film should of been shown all together. I however begin to tire of these WW2 movies, because the vast majority of the kool aid masses do not seem to understand that Britain, and Europe (western Europe) are once again in dire trouble, but this time, our enemies do not wear uniforms and are already among us waiting for their orders to commence the worst atrocities yet to come. And the Americans won't come and bail us out this time, so sit back and enjoy films while there's still time to do so.
One of the worst fucked up boring war movies i've ever seen...Fucking bullshit Story ,all i saw was those freaking planes and its sounds..I would prefer hacksaw ridge over this piece of crap...
tommy shelby was a miner in war, and aflie solomons was never a pilot/soldier..
Harry styles
Boringist movie ever
This is without a doubt one the best movies I????????ve ever seen. I literally gave this standing ovation after it ended. I was on edge the whole time, shaking like I was actually there. This movie deserves to win the Oscar for best picture, director, sound, and score. Bravo Christopher Nolan you????????ve made a masterpiece.
izledim
very bad...
wtf is with the 8k dislikes?
2 things from reading these comments. 1. People sure are hard to impress. 2. There????????s gonna be a lot of pissed off viewers this awards season, lol
Damn battle field 1 looking 4k
worst war movie
This is the most boring movie of 2017,,nolan really failed on this one.
was not a big fan of the movie at all...not a lot of talking not a lot of action, just based on the same thing over and over and over. And it was all at the same place, only fighting that was done was by the airplanes and that wasn't really intense. I have seen great war movies and this is definitely at the bottom.
Rom????ni pe aici?
The trailer shows literally every part where theres action, trust me the rest is just no dialogue, pure boring ...
... Lost my time watching this boring garbage
You pushed us out of France but you were too afraid to fight us at sea weren't you, bastards! Nazi wankers.
"Maybe it was just me but this movie sucked
 It was like 2 hr long trailer and that's it NOTHING ELSE"
"The SS let the British Army off
 I????????m sure you cold smell the shit on the beach ????????????????"
"Brilliant .... best example of cowardice spun around to look like heroism ...
 Only from that shit hole the UK ???????€?"
The trailer is better than the movie.
This was One Pointless fuxking Movie.... Completely overrated. smh
0:47 harry styles
Still no idea why the Messerschmitt is making dive-bomber siren noises at 1:03
"What a boring movie, the trailer is the best part...... and misleading........... zzzzzzzzzzz....zzzzzzzzzzzz

 !! Sorry this comment section put me asleep too, ""Hell In The Pacific"" has hardly any dialogue, and it's 100 times better than this."
What a disappointment! Movie was boring, not much action scenes, just ppl drowning and shit
I can see that shot of the three Spitfires flying by a million times over and still be amazed by it ever single time.
god damn so many salty indians and pakis saying the movie is shit just bc they cant pirate it.
Decent film overall but a mediocre war film. Very slow paced and although it did deliver some degree of emotions it failed to show a darker horror of war. The happenings were sad but not horrifying, as they should have been. All in all an emotional sluggish Hollywood pseudo-war movie with a predictable ending that nullifies any kind of real fear for the actors throughout the film.
surprised theres no transgenders... they are usually in every movie or tv show now a days
this movie was boring as shit. I'd rather watch paint dry
holy shit german was sick! im not sure for now maybe they are? still we will find it soon...
Only here for Harry!!!
"Just got done watching the movie.. Pretty boring

 I thought the trailer was hiding all the action sequence because they didn't want to spoil it for the audience lol. BOY WAS I WRONG.

 The trailer pretty much showed all the action from the movie, which wasn't much lol.

 Hacksaw Ridge was better, sure it was fake but it was entertaining. Dunkirk, not so much"
It's hard to imagine these brave men and women dying for their country, when you have these cowardly so called Muslim refugees invading the country they died to protect.
This is such a boring film
can i get a few likes... i'm welcome :)
I cri
Harold <3
One boring war film, Nolan has lost the plot
This movie is so racist! There are no people color and no women! What the heck?
where is the torrent of the movie ahaha
Watched it. Loved it
guys!talk about HARRY STYLES in the movie????????????????
Can't wait to watch this movie I've been waiting for months finally gonna watch it when it comes out on DVD and Bluray December 19th
Isnt it weird that people are making money off of the deaths of these guys? I mean with all the WWI and WWII Movies and Videos games, theyre nevee gonna stop making them. Look at how many fucking WWII video games there are holy fuck
Seen it twice, best movie of 2017. Loved it.
where the fuck i may find this film?(site)
This movie is an Oscar
harry styles ????????
How come all the soldiers are men? That is sexist, considering the huge contribution female soldiers made to winning WWII! And there are no blacks, no transgenders, no pakistanis either! What a horibly unfair movie!
"Ok, dumbasses who think this movie is boring because of the characters being boring, well fuck u, it's not focusing on them, it's focusing on the event happening, it doesn't have time for character personalities and shit, you saw pearl harbor right? It was fucking boring, know what they did to it? They focused on the romance scenes for like 70% of the movie, and continued the war scene like almost end of the movie! And how about Dunkirk, why did it succeed without time for personalities? (bcuz of Nolan) It had time to focus on the godammn event! It was gritty, fast paced, and tense.

 Well, Saving Private Ryan succeeded on the personalities, and the opening scene doe, it was awesome, ok bye :p"
The French at Dunkirk might have saved the Allies fate in the war
No cji
I only clap for Zimmer. I????????m pretty sure I only snoozed for like 5 minutes tops to not understand this movie. but this was horrible.
where is harry
Better movie than any Hollywood bullshit American propaganda movie.
Really entertaining if you like cowards with weapons retreating.
vine solo por harry, jaja
Whats soundtrack at 1:27
"Me the entire time:
 Where's Harry, Where's Harry?
 1:39
 OHH There's Harry!!!
 ???????€???????????????"
I really wanna watch this movie (only because Harry Styles is in it lmaoo <3)
still waiting for the inception sequel....
harryyyyyy<3
WWII soldier had better haircut than most men nowadays
Some stupid bitch making a review this film and... She said this movie is worst
This is a horror movie without ghosts and monsters
"There's no hiding from this, Son. We have a job to do"- Rudolf Abel 1940
the soundtrack is " hope is a weapon".
They didnt showed harry very well
Harry..????????
Lots of places have this pirated, but this is one of the movies I will BUY the Blu-Ray of. There isn`t a Social Justice Warrior to trip-over or stomp-on in this movie. Sick of sh1t like the WW1 PC game `Battlefield` where now even many of the Russian soldiers are Africanized; just like the fug ugly mug they selected to be the main hero of the Marketing for all Battlefield 1 sh1t..
"Let's write exactly what we just heard, just incase you're deaf"
Why do they keep putting non-actors in large scale feature films? Harry Styles? Like really?
I want to watch it again ???€? ???€?
Who's here just because of harry???
I think Harry styles would be better suited for a romcom
This movie was so damn boring.
I????????m only 13 yeas old and this still gives me nightmares
They got kicked arse.
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
Idk why people hate this. It is the best movie I've seen in years
I'd like to see a version like this for Nanjing.
does anyone know the music used in this? Searched through movie soundtracks everywhere but can't find it from this trailer :(
U need to see this https://youtu.be/3KIS24FWAuY
It still shocks me when watching only the trailer.
Anyone else see this in the movie theatre and it was insanely loud
For those of you who have seen it already, how bad is the language in it?
Amazing movie!! Beautifully done!
Anybody know why the British had a war with Germans ???? ?? two civilized countries but yet they call it World War I and II It only involved some of European countries the rest were living in peace like Switzerland and rest of the world except USofA
i sat in to watch Dunkirk in iMax, but had to come out after 20 mins cuz i was having a fcking hangover and i was about to puke myself... I regret that drinking the day before, the movie was really promising in the beginning..
Got my vote for Best Picture and Best Director
One of the best movies i ever watched :)
Most of "Pro-Commens" here are from Kids in LOVEDREAMS with'n Actor...that's why they put "VIPs" in cheap movies....call Elvis!:)))
This was good.
Best scenes on Trailers (Explosions 'n Shotings) the rest are CHEAP + BORING!!!
I'm only here for harry styles???????????????????????????€?
Whats the music in the trailer???
"Spoiler!!!





 Briton wins."
HARRY STYLES MY DADDY
"The War is the world.
 And the World is the war.
 But behind every gunsight, is a human being.
 We are those people.
 We are the Jaded. We are the Naive.
 We are the Honorable, and the Criminal.
 We are the bound for Legend, and the Lost to History.
 We are the Knights of the Sky, the Ghosts in the Desert, and the Rats in the mud.
 These are our stories.



 Psalms 91:1 He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty.
 7A thousand shall fall at thy side, and ten thousand at thy right hand; but it shall not come nigh thee.

 God Bless, I pray that Jesus will protect you amen.?????€??€??????????"
The time we were fighting the nazis...now sadly, our youth supports them today even the god damn president
An old man who I????????m assuming went through this was wearing a war uniform and he started balling and left the cinema at on point. I feel so bad for what he must have saw and heard.
Harry Styles oooo songs
Oh boy a nolan movie
Just wasted 2 hours watching Operation Dunkirk, was confused by how bad it was, then realized it wasn't this.
Don't Read My Channel Title...
Don't read my channel name.
Here for Hazza
Saw it in the cinema twice, both times in IMAX. Stunning cinematic experience. Nolan's best film.
rudi slalu ceria film nya mna lgi nie?
"To all the people who hate this movie and christopher nolan.
 GO TO HELL YOU FUCKTARD PUSSY FACE..GO FUCK YOUR MOM..YOU ILLITERATE FUCK"
Where can i find HD PRINT OF THIS MOVIE?
If anyone is interested...there is a great film on YouTube called "Overlord" made in 1975. It's a brilliant Dunkirk film. Better than this film. Overlord used actually footage. The editor deserves an award..
I want to watch it again
Does anyone know where to download the heartbeat sound effect in this trailer? It makes me chill everytime.
i like this
Nolan, you suck balls on this one
"this movie sux as much as Obama.
 even a waste of disk space as a torrent download"
"Spoiler alert






 Nazis lose the war."
this movie was really good not perfect but good the sound of the movie was amazing made me feel like I was in World War II it shows how scary War was to gunshot fires. To German dive bombers. I feel like I got PTSD when watching this movie that's how good it was.
Extremely boring movie
I seen it i love it and I can't stop whching
not to be confused with 'operation dunkirk', a mistake i made in which i went around telling everyone it was one of the worst films ive seen of recent... dont watch operation dunkirk :)
"""You can practically see it from here.""

 ""See what?""

 ""Home."""
The movie was literally the most haunting thing i have ever seen
"In Nolan We Trust"
But the scene where Harry is under the water, i didn't see :(
Wondering how award-worthy an Attack on Titan and Fullmetal Alchemist film would be if Nolan directed and produced, considering its potential, plot and social themes
I saw that but I can????????t really understand the plot. Is this only about rescuing the men? Also I didn????????t catch who was who. If they were British or French. It was a very emotional movie but a bit messy for someone like me. Hope you can explain it
I just watched the movie just to see harry styles????????but i must say i loved it?????€???
Cillian Murphy is such a great actor! BRAVO!!
Whoever find this basic shit interesting..you need fucking help???????? this shit is so damn lame ...you are better off watching the damn wall????????
I'm from usa and this is hands down the best movie in the world
I'm so stupid! My teacher showed me this and it looked boring but not for the 5th time I watch it, it looks awesome!
Is that Harry styles in 0:47?
lmao i watched the wrong dunkirk thats why i didnt see this beach scene lol
Who came here for Harry Styles?
I feel sad now that i ddnt see it on the theater ???????€?
Man I love history movies, even though they may not represent what exactly happened back then, it gives us an idea what happened 70 something years ago. So many people today are blinded by the present and the future that we forget about the past. What we've gone through as nations clashed. Movies like this help us try to see and it makes us not forget..
scarey
The park where the soldier just goes to the ocean to drown himself really showcases what these soldiers felt in WW2. The pain the horror of watching your friends die unable to go home knowing that they might not make it. This trailer captures the feel of WW2 may there never be a conflict that was as horrible as this.
The lads made it home ?????€????????€???
Overrated boring movie
Would be even more better if it was rated r.
Hey people dont waste your money...This movie is shit...i saw it........
01:27
Yeah run you British pussies to home......What a joke 400,000 men bunch of shit....
Wite people wite washing garbage.
subscribe please
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaBKOzCofPYORijTELHrW5g?disable_polymer=true l????ke
awesome work!
"Very bad movie.....
 Not up to Nolan's standards"
This movie was essentially a single suspense sequence that lasted two straight hours. I loved it.
how did this wars shape the world,if they had wiped each other out,that might have shaped the world
"This trailer (and movie, I'm sure. I haven't been Abel to watch it yet) is fucking phenonamal. The sound design is from heaven. And the cinematography is truly amazing. You don't have to know anything about anything to appreciate this film.

 But if you know anything beyond average, you are blown out of your mind."
Seeing this makes me want to saport our country.
One of the crappiest movies I've see in a long time.
I saw this 11 times at a museum
This looks boring af
"You can practically see it from here
 ""what?""
 HOME
 ""take me home""
 -best script ever-"
I made the mistake of watching this movie right before writing a history essay on mandatory conscription.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QY_AEWRAMA&t=46s
This is the world war 2 hawaii bombing story?
if anyone of you could studied the best book "the known unknown" then all of you will realize that all these are fake which we are observing and studying as well.
bravo
I watch this trailer everyday just to listen to the music
33M views just for Harry ???????€?
"??????€?Watch Free ????????Dunkirk Movie 2017???????? HD Quality 1080p MultipleSub??????€?
 ??????€????????? Watch Now Here ?????€??€??????€??€?http://bit.ly/2x51Fwv ??????€?????????"
Duh Kirk ... shit million dollar drama for blockheads living in some fantasy history ... this is worse than the titanic or even lord of the rings ...
This isn't going to be a popular comment but I'll say it anyway; this movie is overrated. There's no info that tells you what's going on, so unless you know the historical event, you're lost from the beginning. There's little dialogue so you aren't able to connect with any of the characters and there's no backstory on any of the characters in the film so you can't really develop a connection with anyone. Sorry, but I didn't think "Dunkirk" was that good.
As long as there's a British officer who shoots a German soldier with a Longbow i'm happy
Harry Styles is in the movie. Woah.
well done for this movie says tony amore stoke on trent uk
I would have liked a little twist that Hardy's character turned out to be the son and brother of the civi crew members. The scene were the sailor says "my son is one of you" to the rescued RAF pilot! Neither know how much the other did for the cause. Maybe as Hardy is going down he just looks at a photo...... Just my input anyways!
Wonderful, a 1940 harbour with containercranes?????
Here is how the movie goes. It goes from zero to hundred. Stay at hundred till the end and leave you there to applaud. Liked it so much.
Enough bass = 10/10
The problem with this movie is the fact that thousands of North Africains (and Africans in general) who came to save these soldiers is occulted!
This movie was unreal??????
propaganda for idiots ... as one can easily recognize the comments here ^ ^
Its merely a propaganda based movie...............the British, French and Belgian forces at Dunkirk were extremely afraid from Germans.......................there was only one slogan popular among the defeated British, French forces "Germans are coming" and they were running like a mad dog..................the movie "Dunkirk" is a BIG FRAUD.................in addition to I also noted that the actors and supporting actors who played different roles in the movie are extra-ordinary healthy, smart and have bright faces...............in 1940's almost 80 years ago the health of British and French soldiers/forces was very good/average...............the movie never gives an impression that we are watching a war of 1940's but it gives an impression that we r watching a modern days war like Iraq or Syrian war.................the Director of the movie committed the same type of blunder as the Director of the movie "Valkyrie" committed.................there was a hell of difference between the role played by Tom Cruze in "Valkyrie" and the actual German Colonel Staffenburg.................Tom Cruze was looking a STUNTMAN in the movie but the actual character colonel Staffenburg was behaving like an ordinary German Colonel...........I am a student of German History and have claim that I am better acquainted with German History as compare to millions of Germans..... .......My father's friend also participated as Indian Army's Captain in 2nd WW I personally listened from him that the Allied forces were extremely afraid of German forces........................it was he who told me about the slogan " Germans are coming"....................the Allied forces were running and running and running....................Churchill was a stupid British PM..................His Memoirs about 2nd WW are a LIAR'S commentary................. I am from Pakistan
That is not just a war movie.That is an ode to surviiving.Respect!
SIGN ME THE FUCK UP
Nice very nice can't wait to watch it full
Cant believe they all actually died in the end
"$ 373.83178 for each 10 pages
 I sell the movie script
 the script can be perfected by the Hollywood film producer
 If filming in the area of Bali and Java
 I will help with the shooting process and engage in the discussion of the film
 And involved in making the film as a player
 This is my address :
 Hastin Nuraini
 Jalan Lilin Mas 6 Dadaprejo Junrejo Batu Jawa Timur ( East Java ) Indonesia -
 62-81334887673"
"There's no hiding from this, Son. We have a job to do"
when i saw dunkirk i recall that it was a 16:9 aspect ratio, whoich was quite weird, as it should have been IMAX, but since I didnt watch it at Imax it should have been 21:9 i think? Someone help me
Luxurious flats with lowest price..2 BHK Apartments in Pirangut, 2 BHK & 3 BHK Apartments in Market Yard, Most trusted builders in Pune....http://majestiqueproperties.com/project-new.html
"2:01 you can literally see it from here
 2:03 what ?!
 OSCAR"
watch MOVIE Dunkirk in HD QUALITY : plus.google.com/u/3/collection/o1isTE
Why do nolan films have the same actors? Tom Hardy, Cilian Murphey, Michael Kane, Joseph Gordon Levitt
Dunkirk is a wonderful movie. I highly recommend it. I hope it wins an Oscar
I LOVE IT. ???????€?????????
Amazing movie
Germans gave them the gift of life ex gratia
bad movie
I want to see it, but I'm not sure if I should...Looks very good though!
How the hell are people calling this movie boring? Did you even watch the same movie?????
Die Brits, Die!!
"you can Watch Dunkirk (FULL MOVIE) HD 1080P Visit: http://tinyurl.com/yazbwhvo
 Or DOWNLOAD Dunkirk (FULL MOVIE) HD 1080P Visit: http://bit.ly/2xQgHaI"
No movie would ever be as beautiful and more realistic than Saving Private Ryan watch it if you haven't
"Heil Hitler
 long live Germany ?????? ?????? ??????"
Got bored so I came back to this. The trailer is good for any trailer, but even this trailer I don't feel does the full movie justice because it was that amazing in my eyes.
Crickey! So many comments. Here's one from New Zealand. The story is well done and I enjoyed and was horrified by the movie. Being an old soldier and a history teacher I feel the team did a great job on this one. Like so many of us this is family history. My aunts fiance escaped from Dunkirk but was later killed at DDay. She did not marry and mourned him for the rest of her days here in Dunedin. Lest we forget!
Man....Chris Nolan on film with Zimmer doin the soundtracks....unbeatable
my god, to me its a mistake to add harry styles in. now look at one direction fans going wild in the cinema and doesnt give a shit about the movie.
"One of the wrost movie I ever seen.
 Bad acting and unreal sequences.

 BF109 flying low-height (!!!) in one or two (!!) airplanes close to bombers (!!) and enter into into turn fight (!!!) with spitfire Oo' This is madness. In particular in 1940.
 For example where was the boom zoom strategy in this film?? Bah...

 Anyway, this is a simple commercial on British national pride. So pride to say goodbye to Europe today... ;D"
"This movie was the worst movie ever. I watched it with my friends today and I almost slept. Even my friend slept after twenty mintues since the movie started. I don't get why the reviews are so good when I find it so boring




 I'm just stating my opinion so no hate plz"
"I've seen this.
 You don't walk away from this feeling happier, but you do feel richer. Glad you've seen it; but never wanting to see it again."
From Japan?????€????????€???
"I watched it today.
 the view of plane was amazing. And I feel sad
 I hope the world that there are no wars."
i watched the movie and i didnt like it. It was boring in my opinion.
I'm making this but in Lego some scenes I didn't add but still check it out!!! Check in a few hours cuz it's still in product!!!
how has this man not made a bad Movie yet?
1:28 Soundtrack name? (Darude sandstorm comments allowed)
So there is another movie called "operation dunkirk" (2017) ... people who are criticizing must have watched that one! lol
Literally takes you back. Gunfire loud AF out of nowhere
An absolute classic saw it in the IMAX was so loud you couldn't f**king breathe this film deserves an oscar
This movie is very racist. All white people. WAH! WAH! WAH!
Saw film it is my favourite film ever!!!
"Dunkirk (2017) - Download Movie TORRENT - LiberMovies
 https://libermovies.net/dunkirk-2017/
 Dunkirk 2017 | Dunkirk 2017 Full Movie - Dunkirk 2017 Download - Dunkirk 2017 YIFY - Dunkirk 2017 Watch Online - Dunkirk 2017 Subtitle - Dunkirk 2017 Torrent - Dunkirk 2017 Trailer - Dunkirk 2017 Free HD - Dunkirk 2017 Dual Audio - Dunkirk 2017 IMDb
 #Dunkirk #Dunkirk2017 #Dunkirkfullmovie #Dunkirkfreehd #Dunkirksubtitle #Dunkirkyify"
Hatchet men of the Jew World Order kicked out of Europe.
I like Nolan's all movie ..It's amazing
What a fucking embarrassment. Germany should of just shot them. Dunkirk was a complete failure. Deutschland rules.
A good story but a little slow and repetitive.
"does anyone knows the nme of the music?
 didnt find it anywhere"
Any links to watching it online ?
"I will not watch this movie. I frankly dont understand people, especially brits, who feel this was a great move in WW2. I will always agree with Winston Churchill: ""Wars are not won by retreating"".
 Dunkirk was a german blunder and english luck. What would have happened if the nazis had finished off the expeditionary force?
 God bless America, God bless the British Commonwealth and God save the Queen.
 Signed, a latino ally."
is harry styles die in this film?
Sell the french guy 400000 coward ??????
Has the music from the second half of the trailer been released as a full track yet?
just saw this and it is incredible! I highly recommend it
probably the worst of all war based movies.
They will never stop making ww2 movies or 1 I'm in love with all these movies
http://www.nmovie.ml/
This move is so fuckin crap I was praying for the end!
1:20 Russian Spy spotted
Whr is harry
"We shall fight on the beaches,
  We shall fight on the landing ground
  We shall never surrender"
We really loved this movie and two thumbs way up!:)
WATCH THIS MOVIE BCS OF HARRY???????????? *i miss 1d sooooooo BADDDDD
Now people are gonna ignore the fact that this movie has no climax only because Nolan made it...
M A S T E R P I E C E ..
That movie was SHIT. I don't know why people are praising it. Just because it is Nolan doesn't mean it's good
French were such pussies
omg really, 0.26 shooting in action )))) yuo has got sharp eye they will notice that )))))
FILMAO DA PORRA
SPOILER: The man who constantly saved the protagonist's life and payed for it with his own in the end was a frenchman. The people who are complaining about the lack of frenchmen in the movie are mentally challenged.
Muito bom parab????ns pelos v????deos.
Who r the f@@ing 8k dislikers
It was the most intense movie I've ever seen
Christopher nolan is legend
Absolute crap movie, god damnit this was so fucking annoying, dont let the trailers fool you, the actual movie is some kind of incomplete work, it's incredible that such shit is made by C. Nolan. Completely disappointed!!!
who came to watch this trailer just because of Harry Styles
movie itself great disappointment. some nice scenes thou
If you just made it though the Dunkirk trailer, congratulations, you saw all the good parts of the movie. Tom Hardy is so cool he can fly a plane without gas for half a historic battle and they managed to shoot dogfighting scenes without making them feel like action scenes!
If anyone wants to watch on the internet dm me on ig genghiskhunt
I believe that movie is the best
Saw the movie yersterday. F...real good movie. In the line like Platoon,Saving private Ryan....To the point, no mercy with our feelings ! No heroic stuff...Dunkirk like It was !!
There was absolutely NO transgendered, asexual or demisexual representation in this film!
the most idiotic boring and lowest ww1 ww2 movie i ever saw .... 100% stupid and senseless
For some real footage of the battle of Dunkirk (02'20" mark for the beach and sea part): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70vEe3qHWyQ
1:27 Song?
Stop Cillian me with your handsomeness, Shivering Soldier. (Sorry, but I think Mr Murphy is handsome.)
coool movie
"just hollywood jews pushing out the old propaganda...

 but once again the facts expose the nose"
"the intellectually astute of you may have realised that we were allowed to ""escape"" by our germanic brothers and sisters, they could have destroyed our army on the spot but they chose to allow us to escape......sadly we repaid them by frying their civilians by the millions in thousand bomber raids...


 ?? think...it`s not illegal yet.... ?? ??

 search for this on youtube ""What Adolf Hitler said about Great Britain"" i would post the link but youtube`s new censorship of truth prevents me from copying the link......

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhI0rBY9ikI&lc=z224ynnj0ln0et04t04t1aokgvprjb43jhkxc2jmath0bk0h00410.1504668299678421"
"if you think 400,000 men just magically escaped from dunkirk in pleasure boats then this ""movie"" has done it`s job

 if those men could see europe today they have come back to england and hung churchill"
"Great movie!
 Just hope British guys can RUN AWAY FASTER next time, if French solders still wanna betrayed again.
 Those coward betrayed Chinese solder in south Asia battle field, stupid movie matches stupid brainless fans."
France is big,but we have no way to retreat,behind is Britain!
8K Hitler fans liked this.
There was loads of things wrong right from the start when the soldier takes a shit on the sand and then as he walks back past it there's no turd laying there steaming. Ha ha. The amount of boats for the soldiers and the timing of stuff. The spitfire had 50 gallons and 40 minutes fighting time, yet he managed to stay airbourne for hours until all the soldiers were loaded. PResuming it takes longer than forty minutes to load 400,000 men. Sorry the end the guy says 300,000. It jumped around a lot and to be FRANK, I think it could have concentrated on the spitfire a bit more and the fighting to defend the beach. If you know the French are holding the line, I would have thought more soldiers would have helped. Certainly was not as good as it was made out to be.
i love you harry?????€??€??????????????€??€??????€??€??????????????€????????€??€?????????????????????
Even the trailer is intense O.o
This was a good trailer Dunkirk he's cool# worst comment ever
Music @1:45 ?
normal movie, doesn't deserve 8.4 in IMDB evaluation.
where are the 30000 french soldiers who sacrified themselves to protect the british evacuation ?
the city of dunkirk he is showing in the film is innacurate. It seems that it is has if the inhabitants just left a clean city, whereas it was under bombs and destruction.
full movie here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6C5P-AYGdY
Fake, in this trailer was no tank in action.
Anyone noticed HARRY STYLES AT 0:48???
Second best thing closer to Saving Private Ryan
"watch online full movie
 http://cut-urls.com/3VxBBt"
this was so amazing
Hha nice movie!! After sissy British army and mighty asshole general harrod alexandria had sacrificed the 80k french soldiers as human shields for themselves retreat, the General Harrod Alexandria went to the Burma against the japs straight after he back the UK, he suggested Chinese Expeditionary Force to join force in the city Mandalay. However our reliable British ally just let the 100k poor Chinese soldiers to be shield and retreated to the India alone, on the way to India they through away their armors and food for fast moving, and the japs got all the things. The Chinese army was surprised by British army's action they had to across the extremely dangerous so called "Savage mountain" they suffered starving, disease, insect bitten and no ammo left when they back China there are only 40k soldiers left, the commander of 200 division and vice-commander of 96 division were killed during the retreat, those are the story the Britain and Nolan would never tell u.
True masterpiece. Incredible sound design.
Anyone knows the music?
No Man or Women on earth would say this is boring and really mean it.
This is the LOUDEST movie I have ever watched. The plane noise was like WRRRRRR!!!!
"Dunkirk:
 British army dumped their equipments, left their allies behind and ran back home.

 What a bravery story."
I hate when people say "why are you obsessed with this movie it's about war?!" Like okeyy. Cause yes it is a 'war' movie but most people who really understand the movie knows that it's more like there just trying to fight to get home, and yes it is war but like it's documenting something so beautiful yet obviously terrible and you have to kinda look behind the guns and bombs to see how beautiful this movie really is. How they all work together all the time but they don't really notice it, they just do, and it shows that in the end of the day we all just want to go home and they did cause they came together as people and it's just a work of art
sto film fa il delirio! lo devo assolutamente rivedere!
Hitler WON
To be Honest I came here for harry ????????
I don't even want to see this. I know for a fact Nolan will leave out the real details like the 51st highlanders holding off the whole of rommels armour whilst they evacuated the beaches. It'll be all Anglocentric.
I have seen the film Just now. impressive.brilliant.
I SAW THIS MOVIE 2 TIMES IN THE THEATER
The producers spend millions on research and set design to achieve the highest possible level of accuracy.....then shoot the film with a GIMMICKY DESATURATED color palette.....what a waste, so ridiculous.....SHOW THE COLORS AS THEY ACTUALLY WERE !!
A fucking great movie. Nolan does it again!
https://youtu.be/C6U7FBCHz18
Saw it. Amazing movie
Emoji movie tops this
There is controversy in this comment section about how the French weren't represented well enough. Here's how I see it. The French were at home, and they knew that if Britain lost too many soldiers, the war was over and the world would be forced to live under the Third Reich. The French knew where the Germans were and how to get home if they were overcome. The British soldiers on the beach, however, were just waiting. They didn't know if they would get home. They had no idea how much time was left. It's like when you were a child, and were waiting for your mom to pull into the driveway after going to the store. She may have been gone for 30 minutes, but because you're not doing anything else but waiting, it feels like torture. It's even worse for these men, because if mom didn't come, death was fate.
Looks way too slow to me. Probably 10 minutes of boring action and 2 hours talking
Score at 1:28?
just saw the movie, really good
I ?????????????war move
I'm not a big fan of these types of movie but.. This is a masterpiece!! It deserves an oscar!! Btw i didnt know that Harris was on this but he was actually a nice surprise.. Great movie and an awesome music!! Well Done!
I saw him today and i did not find him as wonderful as everyone said
Battlefield 1 the movie
Hans Zimmer soundtrack is the main character in this film he did a great work
Saw it twice in theaters.
One of the best with Stalingrad
song at 1:29?
"So many godamn fake accounts saying
 DUNKIRK FULL MOVIE HERE"
l'm gonna watch it today
Such a great, valuable movie to watch.
no plot twists,but just survival,death or life.Nolan made a masterpiece and that end scene with tom hardy was phenomenal
Christopher Nolan means awesomeness............
There is more dialogue in this trailer than in the actual film. And the music is entirely different. Nolan knows how to lure you in with a trailer.
i cried a little watching this trailer
cool film, I was wondering wether newer films still have anti - Hitler propaganda in them, portraying nazis as these evil villains, and of course, the films opening scene is of nazis torturing someone.
"Loved the movie. Congratulations to Christopher Nolan for depicting these events so vividly.

 ps. I felt sorry for Tom Hardy in the end"
NOLAN + ZIMMER = MASTERPIECE
0:48 WAS THAT HARRY STYLES
And here I am wondering whether they will ever release full version of this song
What is the movie about ?
please watch it in the cinema whilst you still can. its breathtaking.
Its one of the best movies about the WW2 and the film is so realistic. I have made a short film on my channel about the real city dunkirk if you are interested look gladly by Thx
I'm pretty sure people would actually like it the second time round. Now most of them would not watch it again in theaters, but I recommend watching it again in Blu-ray.I think it might change your opinion.
I have seen it twice in IMAX. Christopher Nolan is one of the few directors who understands that seeing movies should be an event. Loved it.
Such a good film! Fantastic!
????????????€????€??€????????????€???????????????????
One of the best movies I have seen so far.
I think the most saddest thing was when George died
"SPOILER IM NOT JOKING







 rip the kid in the boat that got killed"
"1 month ago I watched this movie with my father.

 He hasn't gone to a cinema in almost 20 years because no movie intrested him and let me tell you he wasn't disappointed"
Contribution of british indian soldiers ignored and also the actual history
They should have a clip that Indian army also participated in this war for independence promise by British.
Saw it two weeks ago. And let me just say that this was made to be seen on the big screen. Don't wait to watch it on Netflix or on DVD/Blu-Ray, go and see this in the cinema.
To think that all these men died so their countries could become a non-white majority...
One of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. Incredibly boring
christopher Noland acchi movies banata h.
unfortunately these movie has nothing to do with the real things which happened in Dunkirk 1940. For the impression of real war, you have to watch "Hacksaw Ridge". That movie shows the Horror and the brutality of war and the story of a true hero.
Nice movie!!!
song in 1:30 ?
8k dislikes ,why?
I'm sorry I just couldn't take the film seriously with Harry styles in it.
ok
After watching this film, I now have chronomentrophobia
Long live Nazis
Do not watch the movie. It was really boring, I was expecting something like saving private Ryan or fury but no. Almost none of them talked in the movie and it was really disappointing
"Watched it yesterday
 9.5/10"
That was one of the best movies i ever saw in my life. Its great that Christopher nolan is still making movies
The worst war film of all time.
At 1:44 is that a song? Any titles you guys know about?
The Hero of the movie was background score, if you remove that...swoooshh, nothing is left. I expected much but it was not what nolan has delivered earlier.
THAT MOVIE IS FRICKEN BORING AS HELL BARLY ACTION LOTS OF TALKING AND ONLY THAT WEIRD SOUND SONG OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT WHO THE FRICK WANTS TO SEE THAT
"Best job i ever had"
And the big question is, what have we accomplished by these young people dying? the world is run by tyrants, the west is run by the same jewish bolsheviks who were responsible for all wars...nothing has changed, dont join the military to fight the wars of the money men of this planet, regardless of what county you live in
"???€????????€????????????????????€????€? ????????????? ???€????? Fb:

 https://www.facebook.com/areti.georgilis/posts/10154865855856918"
sorry but i didnt liked the film the story is realy boring
1:29 What's the name of that score?
Where are the blood?
What a phenomenal masterpiece. Stressful, intense, moving. One of the best films I've ever seen.
The sound of those stukas........
What is this? Young Hitler strikes AGAIN?
I can not understand the comments ???????? The Britis "celebrate" Dunkirk, one of the biggest retreats in WW2 ? What the hell ? Do they even know that Dunkirk retreat was pure chaos, nothing like in this movie. Absolute chaos and incompetence. People should study history.
This movie was boring as fuck stop being fanboy
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
at last. A movie without green screen and super effect
i honestly dont know what you guys are talking about in the comments but i do know that i'm only here for harry styles
DAMN thomas shelby this is why peaky blinders episodes take so longe to come out
0:47 Harry StylesSit in a cool way
To French people! MAKE YOUR OWN MOVIE ABOUT DUNKIRK IF YOU CAN ONLY WHINE
OMG Harry Styles :*
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
If this year Nolan its don't take the Oscar fuck the academy real.... The Best Director Ever Christopher Nolan Outstanding Movie..!!
All the dislikes are from feminists and nazis
All that male privilege to die at 17, my grandfathers brothers lye on that beach and Flanders they where 17! just a few years apart, the youngest was Lawrence Wry, he was 16 of the seven to go to war two returned
One of the best movies I've ever seen. And I am not a war movie fan. First ten minutes.... confused and ready to leave. But I did not know I was already hooked. People who complain about no character development don't get it. The character was the the brutality of the situation. Things aren't always about individuals.
I HAVE to see this. Honor , sacrifice. HONOR.
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
Who the fuck wants to sit thru 3 hours of a movie about a bunch of Limey's running away from the Nazi's while the French were off eating cheese at a cafe somewhere (albeit cowering under tables all the while)? I'd much rather prefer to watch the Japs come crawling aboard the USS Missouri to sign their SURRENDER to MacArthur or the Nazi's signing their SURRENDER to Gen. Eisenhower!! God Bless America for saving those sissy Brits and Faggoty Frogs from certain DOOM!
The music in this film was beyond terrible. It was ear rape. I was thoroughly disappointed at the lack of dialogue and character development in the film. This wasn't a movie, it was a piece of art pretending to be a movie. This trailer makes it look like a film when its more of a reenactment of events, not a film with a storyline and main characters.
"Spoiler Alert



 They lost the war against Germany"
Amazing movie. :)
"The movie may appear boring to some of the kids of today, who are used to action packed superhero movies with one exciting scene after another, quick access to everything on the internet and basically everything that reinforces impatience.
 I thought the movie was really intense all the way through and very realistic. There really was an overwhelming sense of fear and danger all the time and it left me thinking about the ideals that our generation and the next ones live for in comparison with people who fought and died for someone else's freedom."
Nolan + Zimmer = Legendary Masterpiece
400,000 Men... All i see are 400,000 vaginas
My mum gay like Harry styles
oh my gosh! harry <3
watched night show after finishing office, boring and gave headaches, unnecessary background score and repetitive scenes, worst in Nolan list.
Bro Germans are so scary o.O
I just saw this to anyone dis movie is very loud
this movie looks like trash
I saw a comment in other page by someone. his write the hashtag #watchmoviefullhdhere101 , At first I did not believe it, I click and click till to a website. what happen? I got the best action movie "DUNKIRK" [HD] #fullmovie
"90% of the comments ""Cristopher nolan is a genius, this movie will be awesome""
 JESUS NOLAN IS SO OVERRATED
 THIS IS A MOVIE STARRING HARRY STILES GOOD LORD
 H A R R Y S T I L E S
 And still everyone thinks it will be a masterpiece... how in the world?
 Just like the dark knight rises that every nolan die hard fan thinks is magnificent despite his plot holes and Anne Hathaway"
"when will Hollywood make a modern movie about the front of world war 2 that actually changed history... the eastern front.

 I would love to see a modern movie depicting the eastern front in all it's scale in horror.

 Of course we dramatize this event as ""shaping our world"" wtf.

 Saving 300,000 men sure helped, but it didn't ""save the world"" from the Nazis.

 The 10 million soviet soldiers who died fighting the Wehrmacht from 1941-1945... that was the sacrifice that beat the Nazis.

 This is ridiculous"
"Why waste tanks when they can pick us off from the air?

 Omg already historical skewing for the sake of drama.

 Let me guess the French will play no part in this movie either. Because Dunkirk was obviously a ""brave"" move by the British to escape once the cowardly French had given up?

 Sigh. This movie looks awesome
 But it's clearly going to reinforce American ignorance
 On Dunkirk and the battle of France as a whole..."
"#Dunkirk

 ????????????????????? i have watch this full movie and now you can try it bro ????????????????????? Watch Now ???€??????€??? plus.google.com/u/0/111348151740515828167/posts/YeuTbXFKGth"
Awesome film. I was just disappointed that they didn't show the full scale of the number of boats that were sent across the channel. I thought it was strange to so drastically under-display the magnitude of the numbers. Maybe it was to make the story feel more personal, I'm not too sure?
One of the greatest movies i ever seen
Hollywood is pure sorcery : English troops leave everyone behind and retreat on their island and Hollywood turns their cowardice into heroism...
The imagery is completely wrong. So that viewers are not offended or upset. In reality, the soldiers had retreated for miles back to Dunkirk fighting rearguard battles. They would not be wearing fresh cleaned and ironed uniforms. Nor would they have clean shaved faces and short trimmed hair. They would be filthy, unkempt, battle scarred, blood stained, shouting, swearing. Who does the director think he is fooling. Its pathetically wrong.
If all 400,000 men shot at the planes, wouldn't they have shot them all down?
Where hitler??????
I remember seeing this trailer about a year ago and I did a history project on the Miracle of Dunkirk in my history class last year. What a fantastic movie. Best Picture 2018 at the Oscars, I'm calling it.
This is going to earn me so much hate but I have never been so bored watching a movie in IMAX. Many user reviews on IMDB, which ironically shows a rating of 8.4 for Dunkirk, share the same viewpoint.
The trailers gave no indication of just how tense and urgent the actual movie is!
"Movie in 3 words
 Stukas,
 Stukas evreywere........."
I saw this film tonight... It will win Oscars glory...
absolutely brilliant movie. apart from the fact they didn't show much blood (so it could have a pg rating) dunkirk has got to be one of the most realistic war movies i????????ve ever seen. if you want some hollywood 3-star romantic crap, then this isn't for you. but if you want an amazingly raw and honest movie about survival and heroism, then watch it!! ???????
?????€??? Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ bitly.im/Watch-Download-Dunkirk-2017-FuII-HD-Movie ]
Whether or not you like this movie, you have to agree that it is one of the most beautiful pieces of cinema. Each and every shot is a picture in themselves
What is the song after he says if we go there we'll die?
He sold me with just the first frame!
l've been watching DUNKIRK 2O17 on [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
"Enemy tanks have stopped.
 - Why???
 - The french army is fighting and holding them off the beach while we talk..."
Next time if they can't fight; they Do not declare war on Germany they stay on their fucking islands and they do not piss us all with 300 000 soldiers needing some rapatriation to their shithole with all the 'glory' it implies ; simple as that
anyone notice dat professor lockheart frm harry potter is a general?
Very good
coool
Who's here for Harry?
film shit!
this movie looks boring. I don't get the hype.
Does anyone know what the song that begins at 1:29 is called?
And to think the Muslim Brotherhood collaborated with Hitler! This movie proves the Brits--and the entire world for that matter--has no cojones left.
Cool
this film is bullshit i was watch this in cineplex
IM GONNA WATCH THIS THERE IS HARRY IN THERE OMGGG IM GONNA KILL MYSELF
Why the hell Americans change the name of our cities ??????????? It's Dunkerque and not Dunkirk
Just my opinion but l think the movie was good not great. I think this movie was too quiet in most cases wasn't a lot of talking or not enough dialogue especially the beginning of the film like the first 20 minutes. Also the Tom Hardy part on the airplane was kinda boring. But it was an good movie. Not as good as l thought it would be. Christopher Nolan did some amazing screen shoots of the film though especially showing the troops on the beach.
A little late to the party perhaps, but this is one of the best war films I have ever seen. I particularly love how naturalistic it is and how Nolan doesn't play on sentiment and just lets the action speak for itself, making the emotional payoff all the more effective in the end. Some reviewers' warnings about complex narrative are insulting, it's perfectly cohesive to anyone watching and paying attention. Another masterpiece.
You sexy beast
The same thing over and over again, boats sinking
omg this was a really good movie
jesus its so overhyped boring movie.
Such an overrated movie. Boring as hell. Glad i didn't see it at the movies. Just a story of the English running back with their tails between their legs
Reeee
I just wasted seeing it, its a shit movie, wtf , a documentary
So much overrated. If this was a different director nobody would even know this film.
Finally got to watch the movie in the Netherlands yesterday evening. It's a true fucking masterpiece.
Man this film was boring!! I mean Come on man the entire film loud music to make it exciting, but it Just wasnt.. This is the first film i didnt watch to the end and we and other People left the cinema before the film ended( about 25min). there is almost no action, almost all the action is in this trailer. Those plain scens with Tom hardy were absolutely boring! Its really one of the worst movies i have ever seen!
For the people who doubt to watch the film, it's such a great experience and a amazing new way making a (war) movie. For sure the best film i've seen this year.
Movie boring as shit.
Boring movie. I had to watch it over a period of five days
Man just in this trailer it has more speak than the hole movie does ???????€????????€?
I literally see no comment about Harry
I just watched this movie. It will be my second favourite war movie. saving private ryan is my favourite
my favourite scene by far is the one at the beginning when the lad is on the beach, the suspenseful music builds up, three airplanes emerge out of the clouds, the changing expressions on the soldiers' faces as they start to run. the portrayal of the men's lives out there is what makes this movie feel so authentic.
the fucking soundtrack, its amazing
Feminists will complain that there weren't many women in this movie; MILLIONS of men died in that war -.- Women didn't do shit to help
Fuck England,motherfuck england dieeee
Watched this in IMAX and I could feel the 109's bullets hitting(vibrating)the back of my headrest. Also the sounds of the dive bombers made the hairs on the back of my neck stand at attention. Awesome movie.
It's a war, people were exhausted, hungry, torn clothing, dirty, etc., yet they all look far too clean and fresh as if it's a day out?
"Man this movie was so intense, in a very good way. Nolan can do no wrong.
 Nolan, nuff said."
This is so bad
A new example of the lack of respect from anglosaxon for the other countries .... after the great example of battlefield 1 ( no french ?no russian ? but usa ?) now this ....
?????€??? ?????€??? Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
Saw this today. Okay film, highly overrated.
I'd really like to see this film ... but ffs why is that poncey boyband singer in it ..!! There's plenty of young actors .. who've strive everyday thru drama school etc just to maybe get a break .!! And that ponce styles just walks into a movie cos he's fucking famous .. so won't be watching it on that basis !!
great timeline, but no a big fan of the photographic side of this film. some scenes could've been more epic with a bit of adjustment of the angle.
Nice movie.
Movie of the year, that's for sure. Nothing else even comes close.
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
"""I mean, You can practically see it from here.""
 ""What?""
 ""Home""

 Such a powerful part of the movie."
Fuck pelic ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???
"christopher nolan





 second 'leonardo da vinci'????????????????"
Why did people hate on this?
"1) i'm french
 2) it's a movie
 3) a fiction movie
 4) done to make monney
 5) not to acknowledge you
 6) there could be chinese people in the movie, who care's ?
 7) even if it's based on real life, it's fucking fiction
 8) if your gonna tell me that it's about culture and blablabla, you got to be a fucking retarded to learn history by a holywood movie."
My F????hrer ????????????????????????
This movie is rather boring once you're red-pilled. I like the dedication at the end though, it's dedicated in part to the German troops who hemmed in their white-brother opponents at Dunkirk.
the sound and the filming is perfection you feel their desperation and imagine being there too , never watched a film where i don't remember any ones name. he makes everyone a hero. brilliant director . only film I have watched twice at the cinema . just brilliant!!!
Dunkirk [HD] - I have watched that. If you want watch that, I find the hashtag which will bring you to the #web. please tap/click -->> #watchmoviefullhdhere101
You wanna know why Dunkirk is Nolan's best film BY FAR? It's because there's no expositional dialogue. Nobody on screen is there to explain what's happening. Nolan's choice conveys that he trusts the audiences intelligence enough to follow along. It's also his shortest film in years, proving that he could tell a concise story with less time given. He didn't need to shoehorn in Matt Damon to eat up an hour of screen time. It got straight to the point and it never got boring. It's as if Nolan has finally taken his criticisms to heart and fixed them. And we got a masterpiece as a result of it.
lucky man
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
Just saw this at IMAX. Fucking awesome!
I like how ships sank from a bomb dropped by german planes
"""from Christofer Nolan""

 Shut up and take my money"
Now I'm not worried that Kubrick died before I was born. We have another....
At last a war movie that is as good as Apocalypse now.
If you are looking for an action movie look elsewhere. The movie is about soldiers waiting on the beach and eventually get picked up by some boats. Great story but not the best movie. 5/10. Not your average war movie.
Does anyone know the track used in the second part of the trailer?
I saw Christopher nolan then immediately knew this is going to be a great film
WORSE MOVIE EVER! Try saying this movie is good without saying Christopher nolans name. Stop riding his small dick. This movie MADE ZERO SENSE! This was all for money. They got you idiots fooled. This movie sucked.
WORSE MOVIE EVER!
what's the title of the music that starts at 1:28?
I like how they tried not to show harry styles to much because it would give the movie a bad reputation ahaha
Just watched in cinema wasn't my cup of tea not much fighting explosions in it pearl harbour is 10 times better
Who's here because of Harry Styles? Me!
I will watch the movie but the trailer did not convince me that the movie gonna be good.
"Has anyone ever seen movie called ""The Longest Day""? For some reason this movie reminded me of a more modern portrayal of that, except instead of Normandy of course it was Dunkirk, and the cast of main characters smaller and only focusing really on the allied perspective (paritularly the English). I may be alone on this opinion and I understand there are many places where this movie differs from ""The Longest Day"", but this movie for me bridged what movies generally use to be (more dialogue and acting intensive), and what they are today (atmosphere and special effects). Not to say there aren't movies today that don't have one or movies then that don't have the other.

 Oh and the people griping about the French not being portrayed, this is the movie Nolan chose to make, and his characters were mostly British. It's not like he did anything particularly historically inaccurate, and please correct me if I'm wrong."
This movie was a mess lol
Nolan sure loves Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy
If you're not going to see this movie in extreme screen, don't bother
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
One of the main characters was French. Shut up.
Battlefield 1 CHUN CHUNCHUN CHUUUN
Another shit movie that only believes stupid people... hollywood = Jews
forgettable movie unfortunately
Oncelikle burada filmi yarg????lamadan ????nce ????unu d????????????nmemiz gerek: Nolan sava???? filmlerine farkl???? bir bak???????? a????????s???? kazand????rmak istemi????, adeta bir sanat filmi ????ekmi????. Filmde ????ne ????????kan oyunculuk de????il ????ekim a????????lar????, ses.Adam y????netmenli????ini konu????turmu????. Spielberg ile Nolan bu konuda farkl???? de????erlendirilmeliler.
Dinkock
We need a war movie from the German point of view as well.
This movie is the best ive seen in years the sound is so goddamm good and loud it hurts when the planes dropped the bombs and i loved it
The film is amazing I went twice to see it
I see that movie,best movie of 2016-2017
fuck me in this me movie thay dont said Germany even once
The Germans were stupid enough to not send in their panzer divisions.
Better than a patriotic american movie
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
this movie was actually very boring
GREAT MOVIE
Don't waste your money on this movie. It sucks.
This has to be an all time great movie I have seen in a while 10 out of 10 hands down ????????€??????????????€???????
is that harry styles at 0:47 ??
Fuck yea all I can say is that this was an amazing film it shows the Germans as a very deadly force compared to other ww2 movies where they can't shoot anything at all. The only part I didn't like was the air combat, it was cool and all but definetly biased towards the British. The German planes just let themselves get shot down didn't even try to mauvere and sometimes were shot down within seconds.
"Adolf Hitler, on the evacuation at Dunkirk.

 ""The blood of every single Englishman is too valuable to shed.
 Our two people belong together racially and traditionally, that is and always has been my aim,
 even if our generals can????????t grasp it.???????"
Get gassed feminists!
"You can barely hear it from here.
 What?
 The dialogue.
 What?"
SO GOOD
What's the music that starts around 1:30 ?
Harry meu filho toma cuidado.
This movie sucked ass, and your all pathetic arguing about what the meaning if the movie was. Fuck off
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
I'm sure worse films have been made, I just can't remember when!
139 is that matt damon
HARRY STYLES! 0:48
My great grampa made it out alive but I lost him please support me thank you
They did not use nosecones in the real time right?
And I recommend it I think it's amazing
Harry styles is actually a good actor
Over rated film!!
Watched it last night. Reasonably dull, with bits of action that don't join together. Forgettable characters and poor acting. Good dogfights though
it would be another fav after U571.. awesome
Very impressed with this movie. How the British Military were back then and how the allied countries help them win. They did this war story justice. Proud Australian right here.
Harryyyyyyyyy!!!!! ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Great movie!
THIS MOVIE FUCKING SUCKED I WANT MY FUCKING $ BACK
Far from others Dunkirk is d best of Hollywood I have seen till date
"Ok seriously i did not like this movie i just couldn't connect with it
 But apparently it was very good
 Can someone tell me why? What am i missing?"
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
Good movie saw it love it
Idk wtf I saw but it was nothing like the trailer
Two things I did'nt like in the movie first the time jumps in it and the seccond is that the seccond part of the Trailer Music will proably never be released but other then that it was awsome
One of the best War films I've seen
dunkirk #full movie here [tap/click the hastag] #watchdunkirkfullhdhere #movie123us
dunkirk #full movie here https://plus.google.com/u/2/collection/oGjnIE
Awesome result-Japan and Germany will be vetted forever and hold no nukes. In a hundred lifetimes their mindset will remain untrusted. I didn't want Brexit but I could see an insidious creep from them and France, another vain place that doesn't ever generate news
meh
Total masterpiece.... This will stand the test of time... Mark my words
Let me summarize it they try to escape they find a boat for injured it blows up they have another boat it sinks and another one the same thing happen airplanes go boom citizens come to the rescue friendly plane shoots down last bomber but runs out of gas and is captured by the germans
Unquestionably Nolan's best film to date...not as bloated or pretentious as his recent?? work and?? good to?? see him move away from the Inception-Interstellar path. Equally refreshing to have a WW2 film?? highlighting the British courage and sacrifice.
and how the fuck can people think this movie is boring.
DUNKIRK IS LITERALLY THE BEST MOVIE I'VE EVER WATCHED MY ENTIRE LIFE I'M NOT KIDDING
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
where r the Indian solder ?
Wohl mit Abstand einer der schlechtesten Kriegsfilme allerzeiten! Der Film hat keine Story (kein Witz!) Die ersten 30 min schaut man komplett Planlos. Das ist kein Film, das ist eine Reihe von Bildern quasi als wortloser Dokumentarfilm, gef????hlt werden 10 S????tze gesprochen. Der Film erzeugt absolut keine Spannung noch Emotionen. Obwohl der genau das, zumindest die Emotionen des Debakels von Dunkirk r????berbringen m????chte. Dieser "Film" ist nur f????r die Veteranen gemacht wurden die Dunkirk miterlebt haben, diese es aber heutzutage kaum noch geben sollte. Wer sowas wie "Soldat James Ryan" erwartet wird ma????los entt????uscht sein und auch ansonsten kann man nicht viel erwarten. In meinen Augen ein typischer Cannes Film der f????r 98% der Kinobesucher sein Geld nicht wert ist. Langweile hoch 10. Null von 5 Sternen verdient der Film da auch die Bilder nicht allzu spektakul????r waren.
"I'm here because of exo D.O
 to all exols out there"
I may be the only one but.....I liked it more than Saving Private Ryan
The French were indeed represented at the barricade, they were also shown on the beach, the poor lad impersonating Gibson was French (and he was shown trying to help by blocking up the holes in the peppered boat, and then unable to find his way to the safety of the ladder). The French were not the only ones defending the perimeter - there were several British regiments (eg Norfolks, Seaforth Highlanders, Gordons) who all went into captivity (if they weren't dead or bayoneted en route to Germany). The French "government" didn't want their men evacuated at first. When the British took the French off the beaches (leaving 100,000 approx of their own men behind) to the safety of England to form a Free French Army under de Gaulle, the French Government demanded they be returned, together with their rifles. So, the allies lost 100,000 Brits and returned 110,00 French thanks to the bloody French Government. The French should look at the behaviour of their Government at that time and the standard of their Generals, and stop blaming us for everything. We gave the Free French a home and armaments, we supplied the French Resistance, de Gaulle was permitted to broadcast to France via the BBC, we sold our soul to America, and we crawled back up on to their beaches. The Allies advance in 1944 was delayed waiting for the French so de Gaulle could march into Paris (quite an electioneering move) and thus liberate his capital. He even refused to allow the British Medics who had supported his Free French forces to appear in the Liberation Parade. We don't understand the French and they don't like us. Message understood.
Lol 8k dislikes prob all girls
i love it this movie sooo much itsss was sooo different
Anyone know what the soundtrack that starts at 1:29 in the trailer is called?
hollywood"Mr Nolan for Interstellar episode about fake Moon landing you re going to redeem your self by making the movie we tell you"and its going to be also from fake history " :-)
A boring shite film. The worst film i ve seen in chinema ever.
Did you see Harry Styles?
Just saw this movie. It was amazing but yet sad. Sad that it reminds me of the war that is currently gong on in England but that no one will admit.
Like all modern war movies it just looks to goddamn slick. Every thing looks clean and the actors are straight out of central casting. Plus you have Hanz Zimmer's stupid blaring score on 10 all the time. C+ at best.
this movie sucked
Wait, is this in the city of Dunkirk or the city of England?
What song from the soundtrack is it?
I sleeped through this clusterfuck.
Just watched it. It's excellent technically, but in terms of subject and story, Nolan does not break any new ground here. Felt like propaganda.
Beautiful movie! I loved the ending scene it literally made me tear up.
Missed it and I regret it
This is the best WWII film . Some would say that this or that is wrong . Perhaps . But What is important is fear . We can see it in all the caracters'eyes . Disorder, panic, courage , cowardice, survival instinct, all the human feelings in such moments and in the end a whole people raising and shouting NO !. So that's why I love this film. No hero, only humans and the will to survive. Thank you Mr Nolan
Guys don't be fooled. This is not the real "Operation Dunkirk" movie from Asylum. This is a ripoff.
"absolute propaganda crap. I mean who in this world would dare make a movie about such a pathetic retreat of WWII?
 The brits obviously. I mean these pitiful?? pricks ?? have no shame. , no pride, no self esteem...?? nothing left ?
 this is ridiculous. Next time if?? they ?? can't fight; they Do not declare war on Germany they stay on?? their fucking islands and they do not piss us all with 300 000 soldiers?? needing some ?? rapatriation ?? to their shithole with all the 'glory' it implies ; simple as that. A movie about Stalingrad, Kursk , Smolensk or Berlin ok but Dunkirk No FFS NO. PAthetic ?? !"
Why u all complain the french didnt apeer?First they apeerd in the begeining,second the brithish fought for fucks sake.Oh and if u want more explosions watch a Michael Bay movie
I wonder what kind of masterpiece would have been created if Christopher Nolan shot Titanic.
These type of movies look boring as shit.
"ordin de memorat si de promovat:
 gigi becali, finantistul de la clubul de fotbal fcsb, il blesteama dur pe Dumnezeu in biserica si nu numai, sa
 moara iisus cristos in chinuri iarasi, sa nu mai invieze. acestea pentru ca gigi becalii a stat in puscarie.
 sa-l huleasca preotii pe gigi becali cat de curand.
 gigi, george, gheorghe becali acelasi dracc, cacatt.
 gigi becali nu mai este fidel crestinismului, s-a dus si la alte religii.
 cine imi sterge, modifica ceva din cuvintele scrise sa moara."
One thing I was really shocked about was that Harry Styles actually did a very good job. Got to say I wasn't expecting that but oh my this is such a good entrance for him into the acting world.
Saw it yesterday. The cinema I went to had the volume on extra high. The gunfire and stuka sirens literally HURT my ears.
gonna be epic
such a good movie
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
I love Christopher Nolan and this movie is really good but it does not top the dark knight
"I just saw this film today, and I have to say it's a triumph of cinema.
 It made me feel British pride, and I'm an American."
"I watched this movie today it was intense. I love it!
 Edit: also the scenes were so beautiful!"
Pearl Harbor 2.0 ?
Why was i even interested in these commits. Yall a bunch of kids,arguing am shit over a Movie.
Wow just saw it. Never heard more realistic gunfire ever. This NEEDS to be watched on the big screen
Its unreal
This movie is damn good
The movie is a masterpiece thank u Christopher Nolan as always
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
did this movie triggered 8242 feminists who thought there aren't enough women in the video and "diversity"?
Who else is gonna watch this because of Harry???????€?
Harry Styles!!! Times 10
Most of the story of Operation Dynamo is about French fighting instead of Brits, and Brits fleeing to their home, in their beloved island where risk doesnt exist, because they had to wait for their American master to get involved. This is not a war movie : no-one is fighting, only cowards British.
What happened in Dunkirk showed that British did not act as Allied to the French with a common foe. They did not understand that the war HAD to be won in France, simply because it was France, not Uk, that got borders with Germany. They acted selflishly as people that thought to their own arse, as if France was not the only frontline that mattered. They learnt back this eventually when they got to land in Normandy some years later... Its too bad, war could have been won way earlier, without the Blitz or the war crimes in the USSR
everything about this movie was perfect except 3-400,000 soldiers seemed like less than 1,000 people.
I'm 9 I'll watch it today
if rommel was there in place of stupid hitler, he kud have won the war.
if rommel was there in place of stupid hitler, he kud have won the war.
didnt regret to watch it but it was not that good. Many similar actions and scenes with the airforce
this is fucken shit, i give it 0 FUCKEN stars, and fuck all of u pussie's ass nigga's that are going to start geting mad at this comment, the movie was the most gay'st shit ever i rather watch some lil kid shit other then this
0:45 Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
I just saw the movie. You need more French soldiers
"Dunkirk was the last act in perhaps the biggest military ass-kicking in history. An army of a third of a million men was pushed entirely off the European Continent in only sixteen days. Germany invaded France on May 10, 1940 and by May 26th the oh-so-superior British Empire was hauling ass of a whole continent.

 Only the British could pretend Dunkirk was a success.

 The British army took no offensive military action against a German for the next 29 months until the US also attacked the Germans in North Africa. In the whole 60 months the British Empire, with 419 million people, fought in WWII, it only lost 383,000 troops. In the 45 months America, with less than a third as many people--131 million people, fought in WWII, it lost 403,000, meaning the monthly rate of American loses was 40% higher that its British Empire ally with more than three times the people.

 If Dunkirk is any example, it probably was a good thing the so avoided fighting."
"i LOVE Nolan and his movies they are beautiful masterpieces.
 Watch Dunkirk at MOVIETOKEN . N E T
 NO ADS
 FAST LOADING"
That Spitfire Pilot was my favorite character. Followed through on everything
The greatest movie ever made
Don't go ..... one of the worst movies I've seen in years ..... I got up and left 3/4 of the way through !!!! An insult to WW 11 History !
This was the worst war movie of all time!!!!
"please give me the song names of this trailer
 the final one gave me a eargasm"
Loved it, made me jump more than a horror movie...
"Oh look, they made a movie for Battlefield
 .."
It is better than 'War of the planet of the apes'! And that ape film was a classic. .This film has action from the first 60 seconds and continues with non-stop action up to the last minute. And there's no time wasting with small talk.
Not age ristrictions?
were there any german troops? lol
Dislikers are feminists and liberals,also communists!
Top 10 most boring movies ever
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ plus.google.com/u/0/+FiLMiP0P/posts/gkd54rjToja ]
"The middle of Dunkirk was great.

 The pacing of the first 15-20 minutes was dire. And the ending 10 was as cheesy as anything in big budget Hollywood. It was alright, but definitely no Interstellar."
Bobby bobson
Lloyd
"""Check out the real situation:
 Nation war against nation.
 Where did it all begin?
 When will it end?
 Well, it seems like: total destruction the only solution,
 And there ain't no use: no one can stop them now.
 Ain't no use: nobody can stop them now."" (Bob Marley)"
I saw Harry styles from 1D
brilliant film ,a trip to the cinema a must
harry.... styles?
just a stupid movie create by fake Hollywood !
U did it again, Mr. Nolan !! Congrat
What's that mysterious ticking noise
Da fuk?
Harry styles????????????????????????????????
Harry ????????????????
????????his m????????o????vi???? is now ????v????ila????????bl????e to watch her???? => https://twitter.com/39f3e0ca8580de6e2/status/884955985910968321
I watched this high and i don't remember
Saw it 4 times in IMAX. Loved every fucking second.
SoLLUMINATI a bitch
We just wont to see Harry.Bye
"How different people look at Dunkirk:

 Me: I personally thought the movie was the best I've seen all year!
 Veteran(s): Moved the former soldier and made him cry. He loved it.
 Movie Critics: WTF THIS SHIT IS NOT REALISTIC
 Kids: Wheres Harry Styles???
 Feminist, SJWs, and liberals: WHY ARE THERE NO LEAD ROLES OF WOMAN AND PEOPLE OF COLOR WTFFFFF!!!!



 (Yes liberals ACTUALLY said that...)"
What a piece of crap. Stupid Hollywood history lesson. It was not some kind of heroic rescue mission with tiny boats that saved the asses of the brits, it was solely Hitlers stupid "Haltebefehl" that did. Go pick a book on history instead of this crap full of history written by the victors. If it would have been for the German Generals, they would have wiped out the place and exterminated the whole british expedition force with a hand swipe.
This movie was amazing
shit
"This was a good film but very sad. It doesn't really explain why but throughout the whole film, the airplanes attack the boats. Not all the airplanes but most of them (some admittedly try to protect the boats).

 Thankfully the boats are able to rescue their friends and most of them sail away out of range of planes.

 Even though this film is mostly about planes versus boats at the end they added a train, which was nice. Could have used more tbh but I understand not wanting to overshadow the main issue.

 The trucks weren't treated very nicely either they were all left behind this wasn't a very good message.

 All in all though a great movie if you like boats or planes. I hope there is a sequel where the boats come back and win and then everyone becomes friends."
100 % free Iphone. Claim & Have 100 % free iPhone 7. To register and receive a Free of cost iphone go to google and type: givefonesaway
Harry
1:21 it's the guy who plays The Bfg
"I just saw this last night. It's a director's film. Script is less than 10 pages. Not an actor film. The big brand actors brought on board are the lures.

 Nolan should get an Oscar for director. The main character is you the audience! He succeeds to make you feel that you are on that beach. Anxious and high strung People should not see it.

 Each scene is exceptional. The cinematographer should also get an award.

 I rate it an 8. It reminds me of Sink the Bismarck."
I just saw Harry style in dunkirk????????????????????????
Nolan needs to make more British war films
it was brutal. i liked it,
If you're emo you'll think of The Ghost Of You
cool
These British soldiers weren't saved by boats, they were spared by Hitler who refused to eliminate the army when he easily could have done so, because Hitler admired the nature of the British race and civilization.
I had the awesomeness to be at Dunkirk 25 years ago this month with elderly family members who 'were part of it all', all those many years ago. Being physically there with them and being in their presence while the memories it invoked at such a significant time for them, was so humbling . . .
It's about world war 2 d day
"Watched yesterday.
 GREAT"
Historical movies sucks
is the movie good? i gotta know cuz i wanna see it this weekend with my frends. so yey or nay guys?
okay okay.... how many of you lame fan girls are watching this just cuz harry is in it?? huh?
One of the best movies I've seen in my entire life.
Thank you. This covers my strict diet of Anglophile propaganda for the year. And now I don't have to watch this pointless movie. I've saved nearly two hours!
So no action really. Don't go in expecting it. Swimming simulator 2017. Not worth the money.
The movie had amazing visuals and intense music which played like a two hour trailer
I've seen Dunkirk twice in the cinema. I want to go there again. The story is so good with the music makes it all an amazing experience. Thank you Christopher Nolan & Hans Zimmer !
Go and watch that movie. ITS AWESOME!!!!
Not a great film near fell a sleep story all over the place and upvc windows and modern buildings at the start poor directing should of got mel Gibson to direct it . over rated....
I just saw this movie and can't get it out of my head. Absolutely incredible. I highly recommend this to anyone less educated on this event and may want to become more aware. I mean I know that I delved into hours of research after I left the theater.
its short but good ;)
does harry styles die
use traveler conclude extended ride refugee distinguish boy incentive.
This Movie is Full of Lies Rubbish and non Historical facts... The FACT is Against all of the advise of Hitlers Generals to wipe out all of the English army once and for all now all trapped against the Channel Sea... Hitler Absolutely Refused to give the order... The Fact is at that time Hitler was very friendly with the British royal family and was Convinced England would one day Join his forces.... That is the ONLY Reason that Hitler ALLOWED our Soldiers to be rescued ... He was convinced that one day Britain would Join Him .... All of this Rubbish about our Brave Troops making it Home to Old Blighty against all the odds is Absolute Crap....Seriously if you are going to make a New War Film at Least take the time to research the History behind it .... Lets all at least agree ... War Propaganda films that don't tell the truth are best left in the Past..... Don't you agree ?
He cop clothing patch Israeli marriage bright top credit criminal cigarette.
A really, really bad film. If I had been watching it on my own, I would have walked out after 10 minutes. Wish I had.
"Watching this proves that Mr. Nolan would be first class choice on directing a James Bond Movie.

 WHO ELSE VOTES FOR HIM ? To be next James Bond director, please live a note.

 Suggestion
 James Bond director: Christopher Nolan
 007:???
 ?? Music by: Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard
 Cinematography by: Hoyte v. Hoytema.
 Story by: Christopher Nolan
 Villan: Tom Hardy or Benedict Cumberbatch..."
Is it weird to make a feel good (not literally, but it is aesthetic, and a pleasure to watch) movie out of ww 2 or is it just the deal of watching movies, that it isnt meant that serious and that it isnt connected to the way real life is
omg
???????????€????????? ???????€? ???????????????????? ???????????? ???????????? ????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????????.????????????????????
Home is hope
This movie fucking sucks! Most boring, piece of shit I ever seen. If you wanna see a war movie with little to no action, and drawn out boring airplane scenes flying in the sky, then have at it. It's just for faggots to GIVE IT HIGH RATINGS!!!! while ignoring the common man who wants to see a war flick.
Whitey killing off whitey so get ready for your magnum double chocolate pleasure.
"Good movie but Saving Private Ryan was way better..
 I wanted to see that talentless Faggot harry Styles shot up the arse and the bullet come out his head... but it didn't happen.."
very annoying music which was used to add artificial suspense to the movie
???????????????????? ???????????€????????? ???????????????????????????????????€????? ???????????? ??????????????????????????????
Awesome movie. But im still waiting a BIG movie for ex desprate german fight on Ostfront with out Allied Bias. Or smth. But no its always the 'Murica vs Evil Naaazis. Atleast this film was fresh take for whole WWII genre. Loved it. But still. Im waiting
I couldn't find the BGM that starts at 1:30. could someone help me finding that.
Let's see. The Germans totally kicked French and British butts across France, had all their forces trapped and surrounded at Dunkirk , and then stopped. Why? If someone says it's because Hitler and his Generals were stupid and made a huge blunder, letting hundreds of thousands escape; no one raises an eyebrow. Because what? They were afraid of a counterattack by a bunch of ferry boats? But if someone says that Hitler had no interest in going to war against England and, in fact, had made numerous peace proposals which were ignored by Churchill, and let the forces retreat in support of those proposals, well then, that's blasphemy. Over 75 years later, and no one gives a crap about real history, only the perpetuation of myths.
The movie is actually better than it looks
Finally a good war movie by a British film maker about the catastrophe at Dunkirk. I would love to see a movie done about the French troops holding the line against the German onslaught and showing how and why the French government surrendered to Hitler.
"There's no hiding from this son, we have a job to do". And that, ladies and gentlemen, is what heroism is.
"Sorry to say this... But i had high hopes for this movie as i love war movies espicially those whos main focus is on WW2.... To me this movies took a great historic event and had high potential but fell way behind..... Really i think the only good thing is that i was suprized that that one direction dude was not a bad actor....
 Other wise i felt that the history behind Dunkirk was not ginen justice."
AGHH THIS IS ACTUALLY MY FAVORITE MOVIE IN THE WHOLE WORLD!!!!!!! I HAVE NO WORDS I LOVE IT SO MUCHHHHH
Movie is great but people want to get only action but I kinda like his style of movie and this is really happend in duinkerk in Holland
Masterpiece
is this a dream or real..or i m in limbo lol
It is all lies and propaganda by zionists, research the truth about Hitler, the world needs to know... Churchill invaded Palestine and created death zone camps to give it to jews, there are no movies that show the horrible murders in Germany by the allies (i.e. Dresden) Hitler did not want war but they declared war to Germany because he banned central banks and started a currency free of debt and interests. History is written by those who win the war, just look at Israel and then you'll know who really created the holocaust.
I was at the theater and when the stukas came in for their first dive I was deaf
Name of the "song" at the end? Anyone?
best movie ever ?????€????????€??€? I love this
I have watched
"A very very very...very boring and overrated movie.
 With ten last minutes of embarassing heroism american style for the brits..."
Good Director, good special effects and good story to base the film on, however, i feel like it lacked context for what was happening, i felt very lost sometimes. I also feel that there was a huge lack in character development. I never felt attached to any character. The music was good but in my opinion, there was too much. It's like they tried to make every scene intense instead of breaking it up. The ending was pretty good though. I felt like this could have been much better but i suppose Nolan is trying something different.
When are they gonna make a movie about dresden?
I watched this movie stoned, and It was one of the best experiencies of my life
Best film ever
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? ( plus.google.com/u/0/+PopcornAnyone/posts/3MfFvzbyjaP?Dunkirk2017HD )
cool?????€???
Best war movie in the last 15 years. Ranked up there with SPR and BHD.
This movie is so danm disturbing
"World War II was fought entirely for the benefit of Joseph Stalin and, in the end, for Mao Tse-Tung.
 Nobody else won anything.

 Britain lost everything.

 Churchill was criticized for throwing himself completely behind the USSR when Germany invaded them in 1941 and Churchill replied, ???????I would ally with Satan Himself if he were opposed to Adolf Hitler.???????

 So that is exactly what he did.

 His policy was that he would be willing to destroy Britain if he could destroy Germany doing it.

 He succeeded."
flash i really love it heayjl| gender 8??????€?D
The fact that atleast 40% is only seeing the movie to see Harry Styles is kind of disappointing. He's cute and all but the movie - pure genius. I actually went for the movie, not for the green eyed lanky male.
Nolan should make a D-day film
This is one of best movies in my life.
The Greatest Story Never Told is better
Reminds me of BF1 somehow...
Wait, I've spoken to lots of Americans, and they seem to be under the impression that the USA won WWII all by themselves.
This was an amazing and heart breaking movie showing what people do to save other soldiers
"Scarriest place to be
 Pre Dunkirk: Space (txh Gravity)
 Post Dunkirk: open water with the surface being burning oil"
I went to see it last weekend. I actually enjoyed it, one of the only good movies of 2017.
This is an astounding movie, so incredibly well made for the type. It's as if you are in the midst of it and cannot help but know the stakes, danger, fear, hope, terror, and all. I work at a military retirement community, have heard stories from our WWII pilots, and now understand. The ending was beautiful. Don't miss this one, but prepare to be viscerally affected. And see it on the big screen.
Nothing like inception or the dark knight trilogy or the prestige; a little similar to interstellar but with much less dialogue. This movie despite being a wwII film is surprisingly light on action. Like Interstellar this movie was made for imax and the cinematic experience is fucking intense. But it could really have used a bit more plot and character development. The scenes where the german planes strafe bomb the beach were absolutely terrifying. Phenomenal stuff but there were only one or two of them which was a bit dissapointing. Other than that all the plane scenes are fantastic and the film has a very somber mood. A good entry in the chris nolan library, one which showcases his mastery of cinematography and the range of his talent, but does so at the expense of his complex and enjoyable plots and his penchant for mindbending and philosophical themes. Of all his films I think interstellar came the closest to marrying cinematography with his trademark writing style but just wasnt compact enough. Dunkirk foregoes the characters and tricky plots in order to be able to perfectly capture the mood of this great battle. If you judge a film by its ambitions, Dunkirk is a masterpiece.
Whoa, the bit where the soldier walks out to sea was very evocative to me.
Hitler didn't wipe out the British troops because he was trying to negotiate with Churchill, this is the beginning of the war. Unfortunately we get so caught up in the emotions that the facts don't matter anymore. Another lie.
Who is here for harry styles?
I'm so touch about the Royal Air Force pilot. Truly 100% superhero for me.
I dont see Christopher Nolan or Leonardo di Caprio.
Who thinks that Christopher Nolan should make another ww2 film that covers the battle of good wood. Or another ww2 event
Watching this movie made me claustrophobic, anxious, tense, and left me exhausted and panicked. It was that good.
Dunkirk: Where there's a climax each minute
Interesting fact: the sub-story of the old man and his son on the Small Ship "Moonstone", shown in the movie, closely mirrors the actions of Charles Lightoller, surviving senior officer and hero of the "Titanic" disaster, in his yacht "Sundowner" - right down to the evasive maneuver he used when dived upon by a Stuka, which he learned from his RAF son who had died the previous year.
They over hyped the movie sadly...
Really impressed with Hans Zimmer background score.....amazed and blessed...
in awed????????????????????????
Once again, lies, lies, and more lies on the British infamy at Dunquerque. And we AGAIN romanticize and glorify this treacherous atrocity!?! Shame on the perfidious Albion. And shame on this director.
just finished watching the whole movie and im not really a big fan of war/history movies but i gotta say this is probably the best movies out there. the plot , actors , settings , script , effects , basically everything was on point. and im not gonna lie i actually cried after watching this movie since its too emotional haha <3 i am so inlove with this movie and i am totally recommending this.
I went to see it twice. It's a frustrating movie in parts, a bit self-indulgent in places, and though the vistas are epic, the scale of the movie seems at odds with what it's depicting. It looked a bit like 10,000 mostly unpleasant guys getting lifted from a quiet beach by 20 boats covered by one Spitfire and getting occasionally strafed by a Stuka or two carrying 6 or 7 hand grenades each. That said, some of it was incomparably brilliant.
I am in North Korea how can I watch this movie.
kids in Africa could have eaten that bullets.
A war movie not about the Americans who only fought for 1 year? T-T-Thank you so much Cristopher Nolan! And stop stop complaining about the lack of French
Trailer way better than movie
movies pearl Harbor and to save Ryan better in this respect
the film as a work of art, but as history (in the sense of the history of human life) - full of shit. The story of two fartknockers, and other "soldiers" who to crap his pants killing the kid. Shown only one side of this tragedy... not the best. Where is the heroism of those who died under the cover of evacuation???? They wanted to die they were not afraid??? English and French Officers and Soldiers who have died, to here are cocks and sparrows have left to live... Tens of thousands -- the whole division was pulverizing under the tracks of German tanks... and how many were captured??? During the evacuation were killed while trying to save his own life, and there on the horizon, where the flashes of explosions, smoke -- died to save someone else's life. The break characters in it??? The film shows the characters who have revealed human and more heroic they are --- three civilians, who were drifting in a boat and three military pilots
Amazing movie.
"This may be the loudest fucking movie I have ever seen, I jumped more than I ever have watching a horror movie.





 IF THIS MOVIE DOESN'T WIN NOLAN AN OSCAR IM GONNA FLIP MY SHIT!!!!"
Such an amazing movie
The song near the end of the trailer is it on the sondtrack?
I want to see this damn movie so baly
I'm here to see if anyone agrees on being completely unsatisfied and disappointed after leaving the cinema? No? Just me? Okay then...
I love Harry styles that's why I saw movie
I love Harry styles that's why I saw movie
Just saw the movie, it was a brilliant and beautiful movie!
Just saw it with my son, who was anxious. Good film well worthy of recognition but personally won't be on my top 10 list. Very little dialogue and the plot jumps around, even though the common theme is survival. At one point near the end of the film a British pilot ran out of fuel and for what seemed like 30 minutes kept fighting. They over extended the screentime for that. LOUD action scenes so tell those with hearing aids to turn them down. Will be an awarded film and many will say best picture of the year and I won't argue, I just won't agree.
This is such a great movie
what a rubbish trailer(
You must whatch this movie in a cinema .
Charles bronson, the big friendly giant. and 1D, All the peeps you need for Total war!
This movie is shit. All of this made up and paid reviews cannot save it from being disaster and total dissapoint. Nolan used to make great movies and this is not the case. Hoppefully, I'll forget I wasted 1 hour and 40 minutes on absoulte bathroom hit.
Movie was beautiful, the sound effects of the weapons were amazing.
Just saw this in imax and it's fucking excellent I honestly can't recommend it enough
"Rating:
 3.5/10
 10 being saving private ryan.
 The acting feelt cheesy. Sometimes the logic that you see in the actors does not make sence. An exsample whould be when they got on the destroier ship, why the heck did they lock/close the hatch when there where 100's of people down in the basement of the ship. Why didn't at least more then one person think ""well, maybe it's smart to go to the deck in case of this boat get's bombed.""
 Did not get any emotional attachment to the characters.

 Just a terrible overrated movie.

 Sorry bad english"
Seen this movie two times and it shocked me even more the second time. Really epic and captivating movie in my opinion that keeps you on the edge of your seat most if the time
"This movie is so sexist!!
 There is no Bisexuall transgender genderfulid gay black transracial non binary woman!"
Not a typical action movie which makes it better then any other movie that I have seen on world war.
The movie is so good way better than the movie it's so intense and sad.
This is a movie where some facts are omitted, and possibly recreates a different version of reality. Have anyone seen the soldiers from West and North Africa? The hundreds of Indian soldiers that were pivotal in real life. This is whitewash recreation of history.
Very well executed, here is the untold story of how the "Miracle" of Dunkirk was able to happen - http://www.endeavourpress.com/books/churchill-s-sacrifice-of-the-highland-division-france-1940-by-saul-david-publication-date-13-mar-2013/
No 1 wankers. There were no sky scrapers in n france in 1940
Nolan Zimmer the best collab in cinema history for real! Thanks gentleman, waiting for an other masterpiece of you my wiggaz
Damn good movie
"For all the people who weren't satisfied, here is Dunkirk in a nutshell
 I can't wait to not see this movie.>>> watching >> CINEMAMEGA,NET"
just seem this movie, it has shown me the tragedy that is war, was so intense the whole time. everyone was in tears from just imagining the fear them young boys had and the heroic men who went out to return them home.
It was a nice movie part history and part fiction. Read the NYT's article: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/02/opinion/dunkirk-indians-world-war.html
did harry die at the end?
this movie its just so beautiful
I was at the edge of my seat the whole time. Best film of the year
the movie is not bad
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ bitly.im/Watch-Download-Dunkirk-2017-FuII-HD-Movie ]
The Best. Hands down the best war movie ever, and I've seen many. Be prepared to be transported to Dunkirk and be prepared emotionally because this movie is not your average experience.
No one yet realized that the trailer is a masterpiece itself which combines all 3 - land air and water time-line.
Jesus fuck some of the comments make me hate society and its disregard for human history. Most of you probably never read a book in your life
this movie is a whitewash
????????????????
this movie was insane and amazing. I was literally shaking the whole time because it was so nerve wracking.
I saw this movie last night it was a visually beautiful film, what a story. There were moments in the movie that were so intense I was on the edge of my seat. I didn't realize Harry Styles was in the movie until a little into the movie (I'm older and don't know much about One Direction), but I will say he did a wonderful job. All of the actors did. Kudos to the director for taking this harrowing event and making it so real. Definitely go see it. This film will get many, many awards, and will deserve them!
Germany granted the English safe passage back because GERMANY NEVER WANTED WAR. They could have utterly slaughtered them but they did not - and had they, they would have won the war.
Rarely suspect army bobaok wave surprise reporting demonstrate makeup.
https://web.facebook.com/Dunkirk-Full-Movie-163455337552650/?hc_location=ufi
Just saw this movie today: it was worth every penny. From the actors to the story to the costumes... It really felt like I was there at that beach feeling what the characters felt. Truly amazing experience.
I saw this yesterday, WHAT A BRILLIANT MOVIE
hi i am gonna to start a channel .. can i get a like
Dafuk Harry Styles doing in 0:47
"Nolan outdid himself with this one but Zimmer just broke the game.
 The atmosphere was fucking insane"
Don't waste your money this movie is bad !! I respect the history behind the movie but it was portrayed in a very not perspective outcome!!!
This is a white washed movie. Thousands of Indians fought as well and are not represented
Just saw the movie. Sorry to say but it was pretty boring and flat.
I SAW THIS MOVIE. CRITICS ARE KISSING A**. THIS CRAP SUCKS BIG TIME. DIRECTOR WAS GREAT. BUT PLOT DIALOGES SCENES. CARACTERS=CRAP! only 4 good scenes that last 10 seconds-30 seconds each one. THE END!
"this movie suks!!!!

 no proper script"
For those of you that are wanting to see this movie in theaters be warned: it is very LOUD!!!
I saw it in I-Max it was really good!!! Not cliche and had a good plot
Mr. Nolan is one. No one can do like he does
Perfect movie,,without fucking CGI,,,
"????????????? ???????????????????€????????????? ????????????????€????????? ???? ???????€????????? ????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????? (???€????????€????? ???€????????? ???? ????????????????????????????????? ???€????? ???????? ???????€?????????) ???????€????????????????? ????????????????????????????? ???€?????????:
 -""???€????????????????€? ???????? ????????????????€????????????????????????? ???????€????????€?????????????€?, ???€????€????? ???€????????????????? ???€????????????€??????"""
Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer = It's a masterpiece once again
Needs more transgender muslim dragon kin dear hearted owl hearted gay black furry libtards
g
All our poor men fought for nothing , look at the flood of rats coming in now welcomed .
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? ( plus.google.com/u/0/+PopcornAnyone/posts/3MfFvzbyjaP?Dunkirk2017HD )
When I watched the movie I genuinely felt terrified... Those fucking plane noises
I want him to make the carry on to Interstellar
There's no hiding from this, son. Apparently there is. Look at those nice immigrants who rather flee their country and live on handouts nowadays.
There are many, many historical inaccuracies in this film.For clarification, Britain still had its empire in 1940's which is missing in this movie.
"There seems to be a lot of underrepresentation of the soldiers from other countries.I don't understand what Nolan had in his mind when he directed this movie as facts were clearly not represented.
 http://screenrant.com/dunkirk-movie-criticisms-indian-soldiers/
 https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/aug/01/indian-african-dunkirk-history-whitewash-attitudes
 http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-40724861"
Irritating background score throughout the movie is why I hate the movie. The background score is like something is about to happen continuously but nothing happens. The switch of stories happens so fast that we had no time in connecting it. Color is so dark and mostly not visible. Half of the movie we see only Tom Hardy's masked face yet again. Trying to make a realistic movie but this was too realistic and movie should release the stress instead it gives stress with annoyingly strong score which is unnecessary and dark invisible screen. Add to that a complicated plot.
The clusterfuck of the scenes were brillian, the fact they left you gripping onto your seat the entire movie made it incredible. The representation of the french showed right from the start, the lack of respect during the movie was only because of how war is, there was no middle grounds for respect it was everyone trying to stay alive. I managed to watch the 70mm IMAX as my first experience and it got to the point where I could feel my heart beating, and the moments of silence were so brief but felt unsettling because of the moments of the war, where silence only came during the end. Any ways that's my summary, I'm tired hope it makes sense but it was truly a great Nolan picture.
00:54 - "Slingshot" The Black Seeds
Why is everyone raving so much about this film? Focused carefully on the film as many critics seemed to dub this movie "Nolans best film yet", yet I found myself almost sleeping towards the end of the movie. What a load of shit. First of all, just because a movie has a well-known director directing it, does not mean it deserves such high ratings. Second, yeah it had pretty cinematography throughout the film, but it's 2017 guys. I've seen many more movies that have surpassed the scenic visuals this movie has presented. And this movie received so much better ratings for it's visuals. What a load of crap. Also, just because a movie isn't understandable at first does not mean it has some "deep profound meaning" behind the story. Let's face it, this movie made absolutely no sense with its plot direction. All I got from the story was that it displayed 3 points of view of any typical War film. Soldiers getting blown up, vehicles getting blown up, and the classical sad death scene of a prominent character. I advise you not to watch this film in theaters as it definitely is a big waste of money. Wait for its rental or stream if you are really dying to watch it.
Tom Hardy why you always have to do the villain part. I fucking hate that. Bcoz he deserves much better chances.
That is why we shouldn't strive to have wars.
war is always silent..
"Spoiler alert
 Everyone dies
 Especially Harry's character"
Fantastic Movie 5 stars! - here i thought another WW2, i've seen my fair share. Far out, Christopher Nolan nailed it so hard. Biggest suspense ride through out the whole movie, my heart felt like it was going to explode in the end. Filmed from 3 perspectives air, sea and land with Hans Zimmer music constantly on the whole time haha . Every shot it goes to is more suspenseful from the last, hense - leaving you with an exploded heart haha.
"direction so fresh you wish he made more WW2 films

 but he won't so GG"
Nolan succeeded to make lot of spectators feel no fun but depressed . Because war hasn't "fun" . If you would like to watch this movie , you must watch carefully and make an effort to understand 3 line of time. For me 8/10
Der Fuehrer, as the ober mench blunders ; one of many that will follow.
one of the worst movie i ever seen
"I went to watch it today.
 I really feel sorry for the money I paid.
 I really feel sorry for the time I spent for it.
 I really feel sorry for the popcorn ???????? and the nuts ???????? I paid for it to watch that stupid movie."
Just saw it, for me the best actor was Tom Glynn-Carney! (Plays Mark Rylance's son)
Mak anak mu komen mak :'v
Did anybody else realize that no single german was shown in the movie?
Yet another war movie...sick of war and movies about it.......
Some would like more women and blacks. Personnel I think is a bit racist. Why not include dwarves, dragons, elves, and dinosaries? It's just WW2 how difficult can it be (except how many people lost their lives directly or indirectly)?
I just read somewhere that women/feminists are pissed with this movie because it's men celebrating maleness and that there should be more women in the film. Do any of you agree?
"If Germany had won?
 -A war torn Europe would have been rebuilt and supervised by Hitler's architect Albert Speer.
 -All Europeans would have benefited from the German ""Economic Mircale""
 -No USSR and thus no cold war or ""Iron Curtain""
 -No red China and the subsequent killing of 50-60 million chinese
 -No communism anywhere
 -The end of the political ideology known as Zionism.
 -A Palestine free from Israeli aggression and the relocation of Jews to madagascar instead of Palestine from Europe
 -Greater stability in the Middle East without Israel
 -No fictious ""War on Terror""
 -A ban on usury and privately-owned central banks
 -Abolishment of freemasonry
 -No depraved Hollywood movie industry
 -No ""political correctness""
 -Promotion of Christianity
 -An emphasis on traditional family values.
 -No Cultural Marxism or Liberalism and their devastating consequences:
 Drugs, abortion, pornography, open homosexuality, radical feminist movement
 -No multiculturalism and the present Jewish policy of forced Third World, non-western
 immigration to the West."
Nolan is a gay baloon an I don't like his overrated gay movies. Dunkirk is one of the most boring movies I've ever seen. I hope he stops making more.
"Yay; in the comments section, we've got both moralists and low-cultured moviegoers. I don't think the problem is that movies nowadays are getting worse, but that modern audiences have no taste.

 This was one of the most intense and realistically shot war movies I've ever seen! People who hate this movie know nothing."
You niggers always play the race card plus if you were in the movie we couldent see you in it if. Were dark.
7k ppls are nazis
You talk about there were no niggers or muslim pos.muslims are not american nor will they ever be americans niggers stop bitchen cause the move did not show any you fucks think you should be in everthing you hade you movies witch were about slaves never any thing else you cry babys.fuck you and those muslim pos.your no good.
Everyone watching should know this movie is WHITEWASHED to hide the achievements of PoC, women, Muslims, gender non-binary and LGBTQ individuals. The movie was created by white supremacists who wish to advance a racist narrative. No one should see this movie and anyone who does is directly supporting RACISM, FASCISM and the ALT-RIGHT!
Hacksaw ridge was better imo
this was a fucking great movie so intense
brilliant film
Dunkirk is Nolan's best work in my opinion.
Is that harry styles on movie ?
Another film about WW2, where the Jew hegemony manipulated white people to kill each other, as well as being a film about the male status as an "expendable drone" in society who "sacrifices" himself for what? .. so that jews can get rich loaning money to both sides, and push along the agenda of white genocide, etc. ..on a side note the Windsors are not British they are jews who changed their last name many times before coming to Britain, look it up, research(even the crap wikipedia admits it). F**k these films.
I saw Dunkirk in the Cinema. It was spectacular. Christopher Nolan has done it again. Incredibly moving.
The Normie retardation is strong with this comment section.
"Hey, I love your video, keep it up! I'm sure you will like this song, you are free to use it in your next videos! https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/109805670322805484653/collection/U7_vIE Peace & Love, MOVIEHD4K"
From this trailer, I don't think I'll bother going to see it. There's something about the hyped up tension, the cinematography, that's off-putting compared to the more stilted, yet more gritty 1958 Ealing film.(A film classic, for all its flaws.) I wonder if in this new picture we're going to see smoking for example.
A lie story, which could not have lied to the actual events again. Hollywood against Germany again.
What age rating is this? I'm kind of worried I'm too young to see it and wether it will be too graphic and loud for me to see it. I'm 13 btw
From Director Christopher Nolan, Say No More.
People are complaining there is no action and it's boring and repetitive. That was the concept you bastards. Watch it closely. It a very good and well made movie. Legendary.
"Trailer Score Swells
 Destroyer sinking
 Oooh man! That was intense"
"Trailer Score Swells
 Destroyer sinking
 Oooh man! That was intense"
baby shark do do do do do baby shark...do do
I'm gonna watch it today and I'm 100% sure I'll end up sitting there sobbing and crying
frozen pay feature income study adequate invisible emergency African
"I'd say this movie is just ok. There are some good things about this movie but some of the reasons why I think it's not great are:

 - Poor character development
 - The movie scenes didn't match very well with the score, the score gave an intense feeling but the action was not nearly as intense
 - There was not a whole lot of emotion shown from the characters faces and/or actions
 - There was also not nearly enough chaos as one would expect from war
 - Lastly, the movie was too quiet for a war movie, there was not enough dialogue or sound effects and too much of the score

 I just kinda thought it was an ok film. A little on the boring side for me. It's definitely not super great like some of Nolan's other films. Overall, I'd give it 6.5/10, maybe a 7/10."
"Nolan is an above average director. Memento was brilliant, insomnia (which is good on its own merits) was a direct rip-off from the original (which is insanely better), and the rest of his work just doesn't hold up. Perhaps one day he won't get much of a budget and he will again do something worthy of cinema like Memento (saw it in LA and truly believed we had someone special), but he has neither evolved as a filmmaker nor grown as a storyteller. Oscars don't mean a thing. Great movies are great movies. I just read a painful review of Dunkirk and it lines up pretty well with how I feel about his work these days. Down, down, down the hole.

 Article:
 https://www.theguardian.com/film/filmblog/2017/jul/26/bloodless-boring-empty-christopher-nolan-dunkirk-left-me-cold?CMP=Share_AndroidApp_Gmail"
This kept popping up during the whole duration of the movie trailers when i went to go see transformers was annoying af
I thought it was amazing and I took my sons to see it. If children should see movie violence, it should represent the real horror of life, not some stupid hollywood fiction with monsters and robots or something. This movie was gripping and real
This movie is garbage don't go and see
Can't wait to see this. Looks like another Nolan masterpiece!
What's Hans Zimmer song at 1:28?
One of the best WW2 films ever made. A film seen from a non-American perspective (not saying that US shows on WW2 suck, it's just nice to see a movie on the perspective of another nation), no gore, amazing cast and soundtrack.
Fun fact: The old man at 1:13 who captained the yacht was an officer on the RMS Titanic (Charles Lightoller) Though they changed his name in the movie from Lightoller to Dawson. That Yacht (The Sundowner) is still around by the way.
An instant classic
Dunkirk shows the horrors of war during ww2 without all the blood and gore
In Nolan we trust
This movie really wasn't that amazing and didn't deserve anywhere near as much hype as it was given. Had no character at all. Easy to forget.
"Just saw the movie. The cinematography was amazing, the sound was so fucking loud, the actors were amazing. It was intense from the first second on and really horrible. It showed how damaging and brutal the war was.
 All in all a 10/10 movie, just be ready to see some horrible things.
 Spoilers





 I loved that Peter told the traumatized guy that George would be fine. When the boats came I almost cried (only reason why I didn't was because I don't cry in cinemas. You bet at home I would've balled my eyes out. I also never realized how many ships must have sunk through the war."
Seen it two days ago, such a good film!
I don't get one thing, what's so special about dunkirk? Hitler let them escape, they weren't blockaded and bombed to death... the British had a field day evacuating with every possible ship in the area, and as we know, as the eminent Naval power they were easily able to mobilize and direct the evacuation... furthermore the casualties for dunkirk were so low, it isn't even a top 1000 of WW2 "battles."
The French surrendered in the end. That's all that need to be known :D
Does anyone know the name of the song that starts at 0:41
Most boring war movie ever!
So loud when I watched it in the cinema ?????€????????€??€?????????
The anti German movie of the year.The retreat of the Britsh army that did not want any part of the Germans.All that shit talk.The Britsh were not fired upon when waiting for there ride home ,leaving behind the bewildered French who couldent believe the British were running away from the fight.They were angry and it was not thee JOB to protect the chicken shit limeys so they could retreat. The British were heavily armed and just threw down there weapons and ran.The French had been betrayed. Now this MOVIE comes out to justify there bad behavior, trying to brain wash the world into thinking it was something of a brave act.Getting off a beach that Hitler had given orders to the Luftwaffe not to attack ,witch they didn't.The Germans were 200 yards away from the limeys and waited patiently as they got in there tiny boats for a ride home ,waving and laughing as the French were dieing.Refusing the French on ther boats, telling them ,it ain't our problem now,mate.Good luck.
I am curious. Where was the British navy??? I mean I thought they had the?? largest navy in the world.?? ?? Did these?? navy vessels make?? easy pickings for?? the Luftwaffe?
If you're able to build tension without dialogue, you've made a beautiful movie.
"England will have another Dunkirk, and those who chase her into the sea won't be German, and that is because Germany remembers Dresden.

 The coming war will be an ironic one for Germany ...

 ... those who once wanted to war with her, will beg her to stop, and those who once wished her to stop, will beg her to start ..."
this looks shit lol
Dunkirk failed because the yanks tipped off the nazis.
"i just saw it on the theater, it was good, the sound effect was great, as we known , nolan is the master mind. bring your brain to wath this one.
 good , i will rate 7/10
 but ,honestly
 hacksaw ridge is more better :)"
Bravo!! ?????€????????€??? An authentic war film showing young men's pure struggle to survive from different perspectives. Go see it, all thumps up from Germany...And I am hard to impress with war movies.
this looks sooo boring...ah yeah..and the bad bad germans.... its always the same lame shit..and the technic looks soooooo old... what is this for a crap?
Sorry really disappointed with this film was really bad and would never want to watch it again. The bbc did a 3 part series around 10 years ago far better than this.
This movie sucks...
OMG HARRY ????????????????
Where are all the Muslims, blacks, women and transgenders???? I thought they made up the majority of people fighting at Dunkirk???? This show is racist.
Half of the equivalent population of the United Kingdom has watched this trailer I think that is no coincidence!
Another shit war movie ????????
Great film but I felt really deflated after. I kept thinking how much better people were back then & how we, the west has squandered it's inheritance- a working society does not need all these ridiculous laws ( & people). It's a shitshow & it's nasty. People have no discipline & the weak are having all the children. Fuck me it's going to get ugly. I can honestly say people like the dad, son & the kid that died in the boat in Dunkirk don't exist anymore. That really moral person/family is dead. It's very sad.
I'd like Nolan to do siege of Leningrad or suffering in Warsaw or Krakow ghettos, with real accent on what civilians had to live through for years. Especially would like to see Leningrad because i don't think anyone done it good and that 2 years siege took 2 million lives
according to some comments, this must be a pretty decent film.
"If you're a big-time director you just gaaaahtta do a war movie.

 . . Should've made it in 3D."
Oh Please, this movie is a waste of money,,what a let down,,ive seen war movies but this one was average 5/10
This was so stressful to watch, it made you constantly think something was about to happen. The music along with the visuals were really well done. Amazing film!
10-Oct
White people and their silly wars
absolutely Hacksaw Ridge > Dunkirk
????????
by far one of the best WW2 movies ever produced in this decade, surely this has to be a nominee for the OSCAR'S, Nolan had produced good brilliant movies but this one is far one his best and most phenomenal movie, I wouldn't mind seeing 10 times, if your into WW2 or pretty much action or suspense I highly recommend you to watch it right now
Just saw it yesterday. It was awesome and breathtaking ????????????
To snowflakes and feminazis, there was no political or racial diversity in 1940. That is why there were almost 400,000 Brits stranded in Dunkirk and they all looked white. Mass migration to England did not start until a few years after the WWII.
I went to see this and i fell asleep
"5 Things wrong with this FAILURE of a movie:

 1. Extremely poor Character development .. a dismal failure at capturing my attention

 2. Fragmented, disjointed scenes which went on for an eternity.. tedious

 3. Constant BLARING SUSPENSE music, while NOTHING HAPPENED ... Nolan always over-saturates the audience

 4. No context or wider scope of the war effort was given... Yet another reason to not care about the actors.

 5. No CGI to portray the sheer number of soldiers on the beach that day

 Synopsis: I was bored out of my mind. I absolutely hated this depiction.

  Nolan has been banished from my future selections"
Follow MovieReviewsAndSomeMore on instagram! I just started the account and if you love movies I'm sure you will love it!! I'm getting ready for Oscar season!!
the best stories are told without words... dunkirk does just that
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ bitly.im/Watch-Download-Dunkirk-2017-FuII-HD-Movie ]
i dont get it.
In those gentle and deadly times
7/10 for me, there was a lack of german planes
My new favorite war movie it really shows the history of a big mission in WW2 not just another heroic film.
The axis were the good guys. The allies were the evil ones. Make that movie.
I went to see this film and it was pretty hard to get bored of it for how tense the movie was, just shows you not every movie needs Michael bay explosions or Gore to make it a masterpiece
Nothing near Saving Private Ryan
how good is it? saving private ryan good or better?
I wish that shot at 1:30 was used in the movie
It sucked
who wont he war this time?
This movie was flat out boring. I don't even know why they bothered to put Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy in this because anybody could have played the two characters. Cillian Murphy does absolutely nothing and Tom Hardy flies a magic plane with a broken fuel gauge because Hollywood had to figure out some way to make his plane fly forever while all his wingmates flamed out long before. Tom Hardy flies the ONLY plane to make it all the way to Dunkirk and he heroically saves everyone on the beach single handedly in plane that has absolutely no fuel left in it. Kenneth Branaugh paces up and down the pier in immaculate naval uniform dispensing folksy wisdom and showing grave concern while everyone else is getting the ** bombed out of them and strafed. Mark Rylance doesn't do squat either except show you how a timid pleasure boat yachter can still get up the nerve to steer his boat over to Dunkirk to pick up a few of the lads. Yet another in a long string of "audience favs" that I just didn't agree with.
Who cried when the boats turned up?
Looks fantastic. Nolan is awesome
Gay that there is that guy
Hype
This is my favourite film. It's so good. I have seen it twice already
It was a boring movie waste pf 10 bucks
Saw it today and i loved it
"Guys there is three story lines
 A sea one a beach mole one and an air one"
"""You have a job to do..."" Indeed. Namely, the aiding and abetting of the most murderous ideology in human history. If numbers matter, Hitler can't touch Stalin, let alone communism as a whole. America and allies sold out Eastern Europe to Stalin and his murderous henchmen post '45 where death and labour camps thrived.
 Even Brzezinski has stated that, ""in the wake of the massive denunciations of Stalinist atrocities it is a moral outrage that not a single Stalinist functionary, commandant, torturer, or executioner has ever been placed on trial. With many retiring comfortably on a state pension."" Quit your self-glorification America and Great Britain and take a fucking hike."
Propaganda
Espetacular ! Merece ganhar o OSCAR !
Anyone else notice there's sound effects in this trailer that are also in The Dark Tower trailer? (20 seconds into this vs 10 seconds into The Dark Tower trailer)
I... I don't understand... where are all the black people!? This is seriously disrespectful! You've only got to play Battlefield 1 to see clearly that 50% of the British who fought in WWI were black... So I ask again? Where are the black people!? Fucking White devils always trying to take credit for the Black Man's heroism and genius inventions. Can't wait for 2200 when those White Devils we be extinct and there will be peace/harmony on earth, just like the men of Dunkirk, Normandy, Iwo Jima, and D-Day (who were overwhelmingly majority Black). Fuck Hollywood and the Oscars. Y'all racist motherfuckers. We need move Black representation in the media - just look at Game of Thrones, Star Wars and Lord of the Rings - where are all my niggahs at!? Fucking racism dawg! Y'all racist crackers!!
Watched an 'Operation Dunkirk' on WuakiTV. Thought it was this lmfao tricky bastards....
topkek
Just watched this masterpiece and I just have to say that it was really intense, I was at the edge of my seat during almost the whole movie
Boring...
Funny how this moment in history is a big retreat. Nice job stupid anglo-saxon fuckers. Leave it to the Soviet Union to do the job.
One of the best movies of the year
Terrible movie, long and drawn out snoozefest. Not one scene with german soldier, just dialog and people taking cover.
never thought my hometown would ever be such a movie
I never once dared to look away from the screen while watching this movie.
I usually don't like war movies, but this one I actually want to see
If you're a history buff, don't watch it. The inaccuracies will ruin the movie. The Spitfire scenes were pretty well done, however, a Spitfire cannot "glide" very long and definitely cannot manuever (without fuel) to shoot down another plane. It did not appear the producers saw fit to "de-modernize" (via CGI) the city, the inside of a train car or the British destroyer to 1930s/1940s era. At the beginning of the film, a narrative script reads something about "...the enemy surrounded the city..." Enemy? Are we being nice to the Germans? After all, they DID start the war. Finally, at the end of the movie, one would expect a narrative script with statistics regarding the true number of French and British that escaped (nearly 338,000 according to Wiki), yet the movie leaves the impression that only 35,000 Brits were rescued. Just my observations. If you're not into a detailed account of the battle, you may enjoy it.
Unforgotten movie - original, cruel but full of true. It's better than boring history at school it's showing everything and it's really important for young people like me. When we see that we should understand and never take the War again
Not enough representation of black people and not enough demonization of the Germans, they did a do you know!
This movie is propaganda. It is a false representation of what really happened.
"I've to say I don't like war film, it's too boring to me and I don't really like Harry Styles as well lol but I still walked in the cinema for Christopher Nolan.
 I kinda understand why people don't like this movie, well it is not entertaining and superheroes film nowadays everyone love visual effects and big battle. But I watched with bated breath from the first gunshot was fired in the opening scene up and the bomb dropped surround the 1st guy, damn worry and intense of all the time. Everybody tried to survive and waiting for rescue from the war, I feel lucky and bless to live in a peaceful country (except government & robbery ??????_??????)
 It s good that music composer is Hans Zimmer, he and someone else (I don't know who he/she is haha) really good to make epic sound & music. I think Christopher Nolan proved that Dunkirk is an awesome movie, it's a good challenge and experience to make this masterpiece.
 So sad what happened to the French soldier Gibson and Tom Hardy in the end (;???????????????????€?????????????`)"
Anyone know the soundtrack used for the trailer?
Trailer is much better than the movie itself!
This movie was beautiful,
"Dunkirk (2017) full HD
 Play Now : https://plus.google.com/118164213324423589455/posts/YE9NZiD3jPK"
Imagine one of the characters in the film going "I am Batman!" randomly during a fight lol
Watched the movie in the cinema.... Got deaf in the process.
"It's a story of 400,000 British pussies who chose to escape from the battlefield cowardly to die or live dishonoured instead of facing their enemy and die in honour. The French were braver than the coward Brits!!!
 As a work of art, interstellar was way better and the score was much better than the annoying one in Dunkirk!"
i just watched the movie yesterday and it was so good !! the ending made me cry though ;-;
goin lit
Man this movie was Amazing
"I did not watch the movie for now.
 Is this a war movie like everyone else where the germans have to act like they were stupid or did they make it realistic?
 Rly want to watch the movie but ony if its not that winner propaganda standard shit"
So many idiots on here (presumably American) crying because the 5 minute trailer doesn't have any French soldiers in it. You don't see us crying when all your shitty Hollywood war films don't show any British troops landing on the beaches on D-Day even though we were there in equal numbers. Just because this is a British film about the British military you all throw your toys out of the pram!
One of the best war movies ever.
Britans are evil!
realy good movie..i think is deserve to oscar this year
This or Operation Dunkirk.
tbh, i felt that the movie was kinda dull, well made but not really exciting. this trailer somehow manages to show more action than the movie itself
This is the dumbest film i have ever watched
The rescue action of Dunkirk can be replayed in the game "Blitzkrieg 3"!
Movie of the year, another great performance from Tom Hardy
It's different. Not a lot of talking or character development, just the drama of people who were trapped.
"No build up or drama character depth was not there.
 4/10"
"It was pretty decent in terms of action.
 Had about as much plot and emotional impact as a Michael Bay film.

 Coming to the conclusion Nolan's just a slightly above average director."
Nolan is a great Director
The film speaks the loudest in it's quietest moments
Nonlinear was shit. Movie was suckage.
Watching this in 70mm at the San Jose Dome was one of the best experiences I had watching a movie
It is so ridiculous when you know about russian army and their losses
Man the revolutionary war was crazy
Seen this film not enjoyable and sad
Dunkirk - A war crime Trial involving tens of thousands of war criminals. In modern times the scale of individuals involved in crimes of Gotham, a nuclear Atomic reactor using stimulant Pompeii volcanoes Alister Crowley machine head and its variants yield criminal populations in the thousands to War Crime Courts such as Dunkirk.
people are saying this movie is too male?! there was no females involved to begin with... get an educAtion if you know what that is lmfao
Am i the only one who recognize the same sound from Man of Steel at 0:51 - 0:53??? its the sound of the "terraforming spaceship" but with less additional fx
For anyone still deciding whether or not they want to see this: See it. Literally one of the most well done captivating films I've ever seen.
george dies good luck remembering who the fuck george is
My great grandad was on that beach. He died later on in his life because of this day, a part of a bomb went in his lungs so he couldn't breathe properly. I can't wait to see this in respect of him with my grandparents. This looks amazing
Really amazed by the "complex" storyline! Great movie
I just saw it yesterday in the cinema
so hyped for Hanz Zimmer music!!
a
Godspeed you black empror's music as a soundtrack to this movie would have been perfect imo
Big German mistake
First of all i m not a libtard/sjw,but why Hollywood doesn 't produce many movies against communism now, meanwhile they have made a lot of movies against nazism?
Todat I've seen this movie in the cinema with my sister and grandfather and I loved it so much! It looks so impossible to film but they did do it and the film is brilliant! Well done!
I had doubts about this film, I watched it in case yesterday. One word : WOW !!!
Yay! A film about the British bravely running away! Thank god for the French!
This film has nothing special and is not better than others, the only thing why this film is overrated is "Nolan"...
THIS MOVIE WAS SO DISAPPOINTING I HAVE NO FUCKING IDEA WHY EVERYONE IS PRAISING IT. IT SUCKS ASS.
I'm pretty sure I'm gonna watch this with my gramma papa
just an excuse to keep Christopher Nolan famous.
"fantastic movie but not in americas alley. americans want more drama on the screen. but they sure do lot of drama in media. brits are a bit different. they have a thing for bit of intrigue( hitchcock anyone? and now nolan)

 brits know drama as good as anyone. but nolan focused here on task at hand by blocking everything no french or german or anything was shown.

 ?? it is purely from his periscope about survival. and he has done a jolly good job at it. the photography and music are something else to be only enjoyed at 70mm film imax( if you can find one near by you).

 this is not saving private ryan kind of a movie. this is about survival when cornered with no chance to even retaliate!
 time is short, they are coming, harsh conditions, each for himself--just get the hell out there..... And live to fight another day!!!!"
"400,000 men, 338,226 evacuated. 68,000 KIA, MIA, POWs.

 Also, for the twats complaining that the movie had no climax, no characters, no michael bay-ness etc, Dunkirk was AN EVACUATION, NOT a victory. If anything, the enemy won by chasing 330,000 men off Dunkirk. 68,000 DIED. It's NOT meant to have a good ending, because the real Operation Dynamo *didn't*."
One star movie at best.
Hey Christopher Nolan, When will you make a movie on Palestine or Syria?
The Turks used the English in the 1st World war one happy is the one who says I am a Turk
I will watch this movie just for Harry styles
is that harry styles?? 0.49
another war movie to dumb down everyone to a potential world war 3, still looks awesome though
that stuka siren tho
Can anyone tell me the name of the song at 1:35? Thanks.
En stor og vigtig historie, der desv????rre knuses og nedg????res i en virkelig d????rlig film. Alt, alt for meget focus p???? bulder og brag, og alt for lidt focus p???? virkeligheden. De fleste episoder var tynde og utrov????rdige, hvis man ved bare en anelse om virkeligheden. Du beh????ver ikke spilde din tid med at se filmen. Den yder p???? ingen m????der m????ndene - og den virkelige begivenhed retf????rdighed.
"I wonder. In the film, we see a young French soldier disguise himself as a British soldier to evacuate Dunkirk, obviously because he wants to escape as soon as possible. Did that actually happen? Did real French soldiers disguise themselves as British troops to escape?

 I felt sorry for that French soldier. Ultimately he was just a terrified kid who wanted to escape the war. Not to mention he pulled the doors open on the ship after that U-boat saving a lot of people.

 Only Chris Nolan can make a film without any character stories/character development, yet still make the characters in the film so intriguing."
Little ass bomb explisions
This movie was terrible
watched this at the Royal cinema in Malm????, sweden. My ears were bleeding
Why didn't the Germans bombed them? Why delay?
ns battlefield thumbnail
Time to go to play Hearts of Iron
This show was most boring..i wanted to see action instead they were in a boat hiding n 2 niggas in the sky
Harry styles???
the movie was bad. dont see it you will waste your money
Amazing movie, I recommend you see it.
My great grandad fought at Dunkirk. He earned a number of medals throughout his service but after Dunkirk, he never wanted to go back to the army. He never wanted to talk about it, but one time he said that he had a best friend blow up in front of him. On his way back to England, a A family in a farmhouse in France nursed him back to health. It's mystery how he got back from there.
1:20 the voice of bfg
i never hate on ww2 movies but this movie was straight trash tbh.
Kill 100 million enemies, and then return home, ha ha ha so poor
"This isn't your ""hero saves ____ amount of lives by doing ________""

 Nolan isn't trying to do that, instead he's putting you in the shoes of a [insert allie force here] soldier or sailor trying to escape from the unmerciful German forces from the beaches of Dunkirk.

 Accompanied by the music of Hans Zimmer this is a true masterpiece."
To be honest when I saw the movie I didn't really felt that Harry was a great actor, not bad but to me I just wish he had more dialogue to show his acting skills off some more instead of just being silent and trying to show emotion rather then speak it. But it was still a really good movie.
Is the beach shot from 1:30 actually in the film? I don't remember seeing it.
Act thumb share assembly airline genetic transfer descend divine
Truth be told, the story was utter shit, no characters or a story or what so ever, this was movie needs actors, not models.... the picture and audio effects were stunning though, otherwise, its just two wasted hours of my life that I'll never get back.
Nolan + Zimmer = master piece or oscar.
???????€?????????????
I bet it contains holocaust!
The bane in the plane chooses mainly to complain.
Liberals said this movie was racist because there was no black people. As a black person, black people never fought in WW2. Liberals please stop trying to rewrite history.
When Thomas Shelby and Alfie Solomons reenlists into the British Armed Forces
is that.... Gilderoy Lockhart, oh yes it is
guys this or hacksaw ridge? pretty tough choice IMO
Rush worth officially hkxgx die constant sophisticated walk shall gray voice.
I gotta go get the tickets. get the tickets.
Such an overrated movie! Just saw it and it was an average cold war movie with no attachment to any character
incredible movie
This movie was a masterpiece
Not even close to being as good as Saving Private Ryan
so what the fuck is it about
Just saw this movie, truly spectacular ???????????????????€?
The trailer is better than the film. Just watched the film and its a low budget badly made film. 4 Planes two boats and one semi retired actor of renknown. This is a insult to dunkirk, not even close to showing what it was like...this movie was a walk in the park. A small 10 or so private boats ? come on there were hundreds of boats and ships, landing craft, destroyers all hammering and being hammered by shells, planes...this was a pitiful waste of my money to go and watch it. The old 50's and 60's films of dunkirk had better actors and at least didnt hold back on money or sets and accessories.
This movie was shit
respect for your daddy. And one of the most wishes after watching film at cinema - no war again...
This movie was fucking boring
I respect this Man , he knows how to make a movie
Give back my money, the worst of the greatest Nolan
?????????????????????? ??????? ???????????????????????€??????? ?????€??????? ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????? ???????????????????????? ?
01:39 ???????????????? Beautiful Harry!!
I admit when I found out Harry was in the film I wanted to watch it but after watching this I can tell you it is one of the best films I have ever watched it takes you into a completely different world and makes you consider 'life' differently I am blown away by this amazing film and I recommend to everyone. Whether you are gonna watch it cuz of harry I can promise you this film will inspire you and become ur favourite
it's sucks people, soviet battles is more intresting
check out funny vlogs on my channel
Bus surprising Hispanic painter implication action allegation compromise.
I told you it is just run away LOL
Just saw it don't waste money
The cinematography is absolutely beautiful. I loved some of the gray and blue shots on the beach.
BF1 THUMBNAIL?!?!
This looks incredible! What is the name of the music in the background please?
Why did they cast fucking Harry ?
Awesome story, boring ass movie.
Whats the last song? Is it on the OST?
This is the best trailer I have ever seen but the movies sad
being a differential formula, it was an amazing movie. it was tense throughout and offered a different approach to a war movie. id give it a 9.2/10
Dunkirk Trailer 1 (2017) ------------------------->http://cut-urls.com/jTmotOKA
When used a Dunkirk trailer before watching the trailer.
Abroad bill identification shit commander porch bounce ear regulate storage angle sad pop.
"I've been seeing so many comments saying HERE COME THE ANNOYING DIRECTIONERS Like, tf? I havent seen one comment from em. So here,

 most people spoke nothing but crap about Harry for getting this role. they thought he was only an extra when he's a star. they said Nolan only casted him for attention. they said he'll die twenty minutes in and has no lines. They say his fans only care about him and are only watching it to scream everytime we see him in the screen. while in reality, we are not only just there for Harry. many of us care about the movie, history as well as, Christopher Nolan. HELL WE EVEN GET MAD WHEN THEY PAY TOO MUCH ATTENTION TO HARRY IN FIONN AND HARRY'S INTERVIEWS. We have stood up for Fionn in so many occasions because we recognize him as the star of the movie Deep down inside, yes, we are seeing it because of Harry but that is not an invalid reason for seeing it and that doesn't mean we disrespect all of the other aspects of the film. People go to movies to see specific actors all the time. so please stop saying ""harry styles fans don't care about important history only a singer."""
The sign of the times
it's boring.......
"LOL
 Did anyone else notice Harry Styles in about 0:48 seconds into the trailer? Or just me?"
SJW hate this movie cause too little women and people of color, 2017 sucking ass again
My favorite part of the movie is when they dropped the bombs
Anyone planning on seeing this in theaters, watch it in IMAX. Trust me, it will make the movie much more realistic and intense.
I'm going to be honest I did not really like this movie as much as I thought I would. First off , I love war movies but this one was quite dull and boring. The only good things I got from this film were the realistic dogfight scenes, explosions, and cinematography but that wasn't enough. I give this movie a c-
I watched this movie today and it was AWESOME!!!!
Slow and disjointed.
Fuck me. I just watched a movie called Dunkirk thinking it was this one... I was so disappointed at how bad it was how none of the effects looked real at all and how there was almost no story line. I was going to come here to rant about how bad it was, but now I can't cause I was stupid enough to think that what I watched was this... Now I want to watch this, and I hope it's better than what I had just witnessed.
Another jewish propaganda aainst germany.
Just saw the movie today. It is truly amazing! Hope there can be more movies like this. Maybe another Pearl Harbor movie, Battle f the Denmark Strait, D-Day, and many more. 10/10 best war movie of the year! :)
this movie is good
This movie was boring
I didn't even bother finishing the trailer. It got my attention straight away to go see the film.
This was an incredibly moving experience. Certainly one of the best war films of all time. Timeless and beautiful.
Worst war movie I have ever seen.
Harry Styles ??????
damn that background music at 1:28 is so intense what is it called???
Why do the BF109's have the bomb siren when that was something made for JU87's?
Good thing the US got involved and saved the day
Must watch it .. seems great from the trailers. Really surprised it took this long to produce a movie on one of the most remarkable episodes of WWII.
Hitlers failure to destroy all the British and french troops at Dunkirk was one of his biggest mistakes
"Get Money Quick
 click the link below

 http://DollarinPocket.com/?taskid=73252"
booooringgggg. Christ the trailer was more exciting !!
Booooring like hell. It would have been much better if Nolan showed us how the Brits and the Frenches were beaten all the way back to Dunkirk and how Hitler let them escape and Churchill did not engage the big ships . Then we could have had some historical context and tension. But not, uncle Adolf deserves no credit, Churchill all the b.s. rhetoric, the Frenchies all the cowardice and the Krauts all the ineptitude. More cliches?
WHAT'S THE SONG THAT STARTS AROUND 1:25?!? PLEASE HELP!!!
this movie was average, i would give it 7/10
Could've been better
seen it, nothing spectacular.
La fui a ver hoy,IMPRESIONANTE????????????????????????????????????????????????????????ME LLORE TODA AMO LA PELI?????€???????????
An amazing film
"Tom Hardy: So you came to die with your Luftwaffe forces?

 Nazis: No. we came to stop you"
It has been soooo long since I watched such a great movie. That fucking cinematography blew my mind.
The boatman scene is surely inspired by The Snowgoose...the extraordinary story by Paul Gallico...
Boring.
gay rights
70 years and the men today are drag queens and homosexuals. Boy have times have changed...
"It was the Western Allies' extreme good fortune that the Russians, and not themselves, paid almost the entire 'butcher's bill' for [defeating Nazi Germany], accepting 95 per cent of the military casualties of the three major powers of the Grand Alliance," writes Hastings. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/the-soviet-union-helped-save-the-world-from-hitler-a7020926.html
I smell OscarS
The movie is a masterpiece thank u Christopher Nolan as always??????
best movie ever
Firstly I am Nolan fanatic. Whilst I understand his narrow and minimalist approach and avoidance of jingoism, he simply did not communicate the immensity of the scale of this colossal disaster, the sheer size of what was involved, the major effort, and I'm no Francophile, of the French part in providing the time needed to get the men off the beach. You felt there was just three thousand men involved and not the half million French, English and the entire western German army right there and I simply felt underwhelmed. I wasn't looking for Waterloo but simply to show the scale and the immensity. To call this Nolan's best film is silly. What am I missing? Informative critique, please.
Harry is so talented. For his first acting gig he did amazing!
Impressionn????e par le travail de Nolan sur ce film ... mais TELLEMENT d????????ue du peu d'int????r????t et de reconnaissance du sacrifice des soldats fran????ais ?? Dunkerque !!
1980
I just watched this film on IMAX. Such a gut wrenching masterpiece. It's worth it to watch it in any way possible
(In my opinion) The only thing that they should have done differently was add some some scenes of inland/city fighting and add way more people on the beach (it looked like there weren't that many people there) so you could get a better feeling of entrapment.
"Why would they bring a film out for something that was a complete failure and embarrassment to the British military?.

 Also, why do humans constantly hold onto the past?. Does it not compute yet, that relentlessly bringing up WWI and WWII all the time is actually detrimental to moving forward and working towards a global common peace.

 But what stops it, is all this constant remembering wars that none of you here will have witnessed, were alive to witness etc, etc. Would it have mattered to you or I whether Germany won or not, because we would not have known better?.

 When you sit and ask why they keep bringing up the past to try and glorify their victory in WWII or WWI, you wonder whether they really have the brains to understand that whilst they continue to bring out films like this and continue to obsess over the constant wars of yesteryear, that is part of the reason why we still have wars today.

 Constant going on about previous wars, nadda, has to stop, we need to look to the future not the bloody past all the time.

 Remember occasionally, sure, but remember relentlessly, no.

 When will humans learn?."
saw it last night and i wasn't very impressed. not that great of a movie, and a lot of the dialog is hard to make out. (they need to add captions)
YES THEY ARE BACK
Just wanted to warner know that this was the best film I ever seen
Took me two watches to truly appreciate this movie.
7 thousand Americans are crying because the hero wasn't a disabled American black gay transgender Muslim woman. Damn you history!!!
5/10. If u expecting for a saving private ryan or fury type of movie... then don't waste ur time watching it... slow pace movie and very loud music
This is a great example of hollywood just making a good movie and not playing to the tune of a political agenda. This is extremely rare in hollywood these days. We haven't had any real movies in a long time until this came around.
I'm really excited to watch this movie. I hope this is better than Hacksaw Ridge.
I just saw this movie, it wasn't the acting or battle scenes that got me, it was the fact that Nolan could make the movie suspenseful the entire time! No other movie that I can remember have been able to keep the suspense from start to finish without it being "too much".
It was OK, but not close to epic. It lacked scope. I expected thousands of soldiers and we see hundreds. I expected thousands of small boats, and we see around a dozen at most. And how many times can the same dog fight footage be used. And how many times can we see people drowning. Overall, I was disappointed. I saw it in Imax.
Saw this and thought what a brilliant, emotionally charged and realistic movie. I also think that every spoilt, self centred, diva child in our country should be made to watch this film and realise that in our not too distant past none of us felt sorry for ourselves, had a moral duty to our country and just got on with it without requiring praise, emotional counselling or compensation! The Brits were a tougher breed then, something I sadly fear is now lost!
#VALUE!
7k dislikes from Germans
Just caught it. A fresh and phenomenal portrayal of the Dunkirk evacuation. Loved every moment of it. Harry's acting was fantastic actually.. Am pleasantly surprised..
I kind of understand when someone say that they didn't like the movie okay, but to say that it was boring!! bitch whatttt?? it was so fucking intense I swear..
Of course Harry was going to survive, after surviving 1989, it was easy for him to survive 1940!
Another bullshit movie, what is this? I don't want to watch it, because today a war movie doesn't should looks like we are in the '90s where every directors made this kind of movies about WWII, or anything. War movie should be with the future of army. This is like another Titanic / Pearl Harbor / Saving Private Ryan, what is the point to doing exactly the same what was created in the '90s? Everything is stolen, no original ideas, nor fresh productions. Today's mainstream cinema is pretty lame.
Saw this last night and just.. wow! This film is an experience, don't wait for the rental, see it on a large screen! It made me sad not only for all of these brave men and their loved ones, but also for my generation today, who frankly don't even come close these true heroes.
"???€????????????????????? ????????????????????????????. ???????€????? ???????????????????????€?????? ????????????????????, ???€?????, ????????????????????????????????€????? ???? ???????????????€????????€????????€????????? ???????????€????????????????€????? (???????????????????????????????? ???????????????????€? ????????????? ????????????????????????????????€????????????????????????? ????????????????????????, ???????????€?????????????€????? ???? ???€????????????? ???????? ???????€????? ???? ???????????????????€?????). ???€? ???€????????????????? ????????, ???????????????? ???????€????????????????€????????????? ???????€? ???€????????€? ????????????????????????? ???????€?????????????????????€????€? ???????????????€????€?????????, ???€????€????? ???????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????? ???????????? ???€?????????????????????, ???€????? ???????????????€????????€????????????????????? ???????????????????????????€?????????:

 1) ???€????????????€????????€????????????????? ????????????????€????????????????????????? ???????????????????????€????€?: ???€????????????????€? ????????????????????????????????€????€? ?????????????????????????, ???????€????????€????????????????€????????€? ???????????????????????? ???????????????? ???€????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????, ???? ???????€????? ???????? ????????????????? ???? ???€????????????????????????€? ???????? ????????????????????. ?? ?????????????????????????????, ???????????€?????????????, ???€????????€????????? ???????????????????????????€????? ???€????€?????-???€????? ?????????????????????????, ???????? ????????????????€????????????????????????? ????????????????????????€????? ???? ???????????????? ???????€????????????? ????????????????????????€?????????????????????????????€????????? ????????????????????????????????, ????????????????????€????? ???????????€?????????????€????€? ???? ????????????????????? ???????????????€?????????????€????????? ????????????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???? ?????????????????????????????????????????????????. (???€????????€????? ????????????????????????????€? ???? ???? ????????????????€????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????? ???????€????????€??????????????????, ???????????€?????????????€?????, ???????????€?????????????, ???????????????????????? ???????????????€? ???????? ???????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????€?????: ???????????????????????€? ???????????????€????? ???????? ????????????????????????????????????????€? ???? ???????????? ???????????€????????????€????????? ???????????????? ???????? ????????????????, ???€?????????????????? ???€?????????????€? ???????????????????€? ???€????€?????.).
 2) ???????????? ???????€????? ???????? ???????€??????????????????????, ???????? ????????????????????? ???? ????????????????????-???????????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????€????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????€????? ???????????????€????????????€????????? ????????????????????????€????????????????????? ???????????€????????????????€?????, ???? ???????? ""????????????????????????????????€????€?"" ???????????€?????????????????€????????? ???? ????????????????????????€????????????€????????€????€? ???????????????????????????????????€?. ????????????????????€????? ???????????????????€????????? ???????€????????€????????????????€? ???????????????€????????€?????????????????.
 3) ????????????????????????????????????????€? ???????????????€????????€????????????????????? ???????????????????€????????? ???????€????€????€?: ???€????????€? ???? ?????????????????????????????????????? ???€????????????? ???????????????????€????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????€????? ???????????????€????????????€????????????? ???€?????????????????????????????.
 4) ?? ????????????????????????????????????€? ????????????????????????????????????? ???????????€????????????????????? ????????????€????? ???? ???????????????€????? ???€?????????????????????, ????????????????????????????????????????? ???????? ???????????????€????????????€????????€????????????????€????????? ???????? ???????????????????????????????????€?????, ???????? ????????????????????????????€????? ???????????????€????€?????????????. ???€? ???€????????€????????????????? ???????????? ???€????????? ???? ????????????????????, ???€????€????? ???????????€?-???????????€? ????????-???????? ????????????????????? ???????€????????????€????????€? ???????????????????€????????? ????????????????€????????????? ???? ????????????????????????€????€? ???????????????????????€????????????€? ???? ???????????€????????????€? ???????????????????????????€????? ????????????????????????????????€????????€? ????????????????????????????? ???????? ???????????????€?."
Genius calculate typically cool operator politician symptom discuss elbow grass twist
This wasn't really an event that changed the world... the British didn't even have enough weapons for most of the soldiers that made it home
I just saw it and it was truly amazing
Harry styles ruins the movie
Awesome movie
?????€??? Dunkirk FuII?????€????????€???M?????????? ?????????€? [ bitly.im/Watch-Download-Dunkirk-2017-FuII-HD-Movie ]
Harry rocks !
French and British units, willingly and unwillingly, defended the beaches for as long as was possible. Enough of the Nationalism... in that moment, it was brother defending brother. And remember too that most of you were not there.
It made some serious points and was quite moving without the kind of violence porn that characterised the start of Private Ryan.
Guys, i just got an ad that shows the trailer for dunkirk, then after that i thought i was going to continue to the thing i was watching before but it turns out i was about to watch the trailer for dunkirk. XD
Still more historically accurate than cod
"Pity about the container cranes in the back ground...........
 Otherwise I enjoyed it"
Anyone thought it was harry styles at 46:00
"Another Propaganda movie.
 I never see russian propaganda, i never see russian hackers but according to americans Russians make propaganda the whole time, while the world is brainwashed for years now by americans"
OMG HARRY STYLES I LOVE 1D AHHHH
"I don't want to see this movie anymore. The gross irony of the fact that
 it was about a fight with Germany, who was the aggressor, and the
 directors sold out so they could show the movie in Germany repulses me.
 Seriously, boycott this abomination !!!"
Tom Hardy numbawan
Modi ji ki jai
"it would of been better if he said this
 ""we can practically see it from here""
 ""what""
 ""Valerian"""
Dunkirk was awesome, I love Harry style
Absolute phenomenal film! I'd recommend 12 out of 10! I will probably see this film again! A bit of my audience were old that I'm thinking were either part of WW2 or were born near that time. Anyhoo, fucking masterpiece from Nolan! He deserves an oscar for this work!
"I wish people would stop complaining about ""misrepresentation"" in films.

 How insecure and fragile do you have to be if you get offended from the lack of certain people in a film?"
An hour and a half of living I'll never get back; it was utter bollox. Having said that, the first 3 minutes was great, but then it flat-lined. Simply, a dreadfully scripted, produced and directed movie that only offers disrespect to the 100's of thousands of military involved in that theatre of war - known as Dunkirk. Less than a B Grade Bollywood flick and obviously made on a shoe-string budget and by golly, it showed in spades. CG graphics? - well there was none; unless of course you count 6ft model planes crashing into the sea, 20 minutes spent in the hull of some old tug boat with unknown hostiles taking pot shots; the ji, ji, ji ..tempo of the music was continuous and oppressive, something like that from Jaws, but never ending; damn it, the orchestral was probably the worst part and almost intolerable. And where was the flotilla of 100's of tiny boats? dah,; Dunkirk was about little people in little boats rescuing thousands and thousands of shattered troops!! CG please! For me, this was a wasted opportunity to create an epic movie and I think it would have been better to have never made Dunkirk, unless of course justice could have been done in the telling. uuuugh, simply a wasted Sunday arvo and I am embarressed to have sat through it, based on the promise of an epic retelling, of all that was Dunkirk
Nolan's movies are so awesome but you gotta pay a lot of attention during Dunkirk
Absolutely stunning movie!
"Saw it yesterday 10/10
 English must be so proud of that generstion of brave men."
so basically british band of brothers
This movie was fucking brilliant
"Watched it today at an Xtreme Screen cinema. All I can say is:
 AAAAAARrrrrrrrrrrraaghGHGH PERMANENT HEARING DAMAGE"
Just saw the film last night. Absolutely Fantastic, it really nailed the aspect of being there, the absolute hopelessness of trying to escape, the death, the depression. The only criticism I have is the last 20 Minutes were a little but on the hero side but that's ok.
?????€??? Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ bitly.im/Watch-Download-Dunkirk-2017-FuII-HD-Movie ]
The film was amazing. And honestly, Harry's acting was really good
the movie was crap... it glorified british cowardice
Que hace Thomas Shelby ah????? jajaja
Amazing
This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.
Dunkirk. The ones who died and survived hope was with them the ones who were heroes were great persons. We fight the lands, seas,air and everything. We shall never surrender to everyone.
Komme gerade aus dem Film! Man war der langweilig, keine einizige sekunde hat er mich gepackt oder spannung erzeut! Bin ehrlich gesagt geflasht weil er so gut bewertet ist, und Ich als Nolan Fan mir mehr erhofft hatte. Die Musik von Hans Zimmer war teilweise echt nervig, wird versucht die ganze Zeit spannung damit aufzubauen, hat hier gar nicht funktioniert. War froh als der Film aus war, h????tte Ich mir sparen k????nnen ???????? Wird definitiv nicht als Bluray gekauft!
Everybody says the girls only watch it because of Harry Styles. So what? What's the matter? Because of him, the young kids go the cinema and watch good stuff like this, so stop hating him or the girls for that and be thankful!
There are movies you watch for the actors and then there are movies you watch for the director
CANT WAIT TO SEE IT TONIGHT!!!
This movie to me was like a really long good looking trailer at least the hour I saw of it, I left half way through I couldn't do it.
just great, more stupid war movies
THE MAIN GUY (not Harry) LOOKS JUST LIKE TANNER BRAUNGAHRT
the trailer is way better than the film... wait till this comes out on basic cable.
It was crap compared to the original 1950s with John Mills. Save your money and dont bother
For fuck's sake, people, THE FRENCH ARE REPRESENTED IN THIS MOVIE. Did you all miss the part at the beginning where they were holding a barricade right next to the beach from the Germans or something? Just because there isn't a scene where the French troops are heroically standing atop a pile of Nazi corpses while "La Marseillaise" blares in the background doesn't mean the French aren't represented in this movie.
I think that this is an over rated film. It was a real disappointment from start to finish.
T????rk yok mu amk yerinde
"warner brothers you are hurting me, put the synopsis in the description please. :)

 Evacuation of Allied soldiers from Belgium, the British Empire, and France, who were cut off and surrounded by the German army from the beaches and harbor of Dunkirk, France, between May 26- June 04, 1940, during Battle of France in World War II.
 - Written by Harvey
 The film depicts the dramatic and true story of the Dunkirk evacuations from a war torn beach and harbour in France, following the seemingly doomed plight of allied soldiers in World War II. As the enemy forces close in it seems the troops have nowhere to go, but help is at hand and a fierce battle ensues.
 - Written by Dik Nolan
 May/June 1940. 400,000 British soldiers are holed up in the French port town of Dunkirk. The only way out is via sea, and the Germans have air superiority, bombing the British soldiers and ships without much opposition. The situation looks dire and, in desperation, Britain sends civilian boats to try to evacuate the beleaguered forces. This is that story, seen through the eyes of a soldier amongst those trapped forces, two RAF fighter pilots and a group of civilians on their boat, part of the evacuation fleet.
 - Written by grantss
 Allied soldiers from Belgium, the British Empire and France are surrounded by the German army and evacuated during a fierce battle in World War II.
 - Written by Robert Paege"
Best movie of 2017. Full stop.
very good film, just saw it
This was an awesome movie 5 star
This movie is absolutely fantastic.. hans zimmer did an amazing job, yet again.
Most people are fucking retarded in this comment section, Dunkirk IS IN FRANCE YOU DUMB TWATS, OBVIOUSLY THE FRENCH WERE THEIR, ITS IN FUCKING FRANCE, THE FRENCH SHOULD BE DEFENDING THEIR OWN SOIL, READ A FUCKING BOOK. IF THE FRENCH AREN'T FIGHTING THE ENEMY THEN WHAT SHOULD THEY BE DOING.
I just watched this movie. So good
"Hollywood bullshit !!!
 340 000 heros and what are they doing ??
 Running home !!!
 The big luck was the Hilter stops his troups !!"
I heave seen the movie its a masterpiece
Watched this movie twice on IMAX and it was amazing and I have no problem to watch it for a third time
This is just an emoji movie ripoff smh
Respect the soldiers for what they stood for then, but it is a shame of what France has become today.
Bad movie.
People are talking about propaganda saying that they won't watch this movie, unless you watch it you can't just criticize.. you just watched a trailer for goodness sake, the french soldiers are mentioned and a frenchmen had the spotlight in the movie, have people truly forgot about how trailers work these days?
Just watched the movie, stressful as fuck.. bombs everywhere, fear haunts you to think about when they're gonna die
Do yourself a favor and watch this in IMAX
Does anyone know what military branch they are based on?
i thought that was thomas brodie???????€? hello harry????????
1:28 the music , who is it ? it's not Hans Zimmer. Nobody Knows ?
tss in dem Film wird doch eh nur wieder so gesagt ach die b????????????????sen Deutschen kb auf son Drecksfilm
Saw this in 2D, couldn't get an imax ticket, but still, I felt like I was at Dunkirk for 104 minutes. Bravo.
Don't glorify england, they are more evil than nazi Germany
I watched Dunkirk today. I honestly recommended this movie. I can't get it out of my head.
This War Thunder graphics pack is amazing
I want to be a movie-director when I graduate, and so far, Nolan has been my greatest inspiration. One day, I hope, I'll be able to make a movie at least a quarter as good as one of Nolan's movies
Probably the best war film to focus solely on characterisation and human spirit. If it was a Hollywood production it would two thirds guns and explosions. Thank God British film making takes a very human touch to story telling.
Such a surreal and unique film.
Went to see this in 35mm and was in awe for the whole duration of the film. Beautifully shot with a fantastic score, and great cast.
They only survived cause Germans stop their tanks
Was anyone else pissed off they didn't have the music at 1:27 in the actual movie?
The British always liked to believe they stood alone in 1940, a plucky little 3rd rate looters island defying the massed ranks of fascists and Nazis. What we tend to forget is that Britain did not fight the second world war, the British Empire did.
May all the Allied servicemen who died in the name of freedom at Dunkirk, and all the German servicemen who died at Dunkirk on the orders of insane men safe in Berlin, rest in peace.
"wasted my money rs 160 and my time on this weekend on this cunt tuft of movies,,,,,,,,,,, i want my money back,,,,,,, it was highly disappointing many people at theater & even me left in b/w of movie not even watched it completely
 What it has just loud sound to create the atmosphere nothing else"
tell me the name of the background score. the heart stopping beat
Dunkirk is not your traditional war film. If you want a film that breaks almost every war movie convention and is a bit avant-garde then Dunkirk is for you. Having said that, this film was very underwhelming regardless of how historically accurate it is. Starting with the positives, this film is shot on beautiful film, has great props and wardrobe, it utilizes practical effects, has excellent sound effects, and has a musical score that drives the film. On the negative side of things the musical score drives the film forward constantly building you up, but once the build up stops you don't receive that satisfying of a conclusion. Very often the heavy accents and dialogue is difficult to understand, there's too many characters and none of them show any character development and lack character depth. Compared to Saving Private Ryan and or Pearl Harbor this film is really underwhelming in terms of action sequences. The best scenes visually are the flight sequences, bomb droppings, and even those are underwhelming. I also feel that if this film was rated R instead of PG-13 it could have added more realism. I feel like if this film would have shown the French soldiers who were also evacuated from Dunkirk and the French who sacrificed themselves to defend the city against a superior enemy in weaponry and numbers it could have fed my need for more action and the need to escape Dunkirk thus making the conclusion more satisfying. This film is worth a watch, but that is all.
this was a masterpiece in technique but in terms of entertainment and viewer engagement fell flat on its face. only one scene gave me any emotion or made me feel worried for a character
Saw the film last knight don't wast your time its muddled rubbish?????€??€?
"For all the people who weren't satisfied, here is Dunkirk in a nutshell - what it means as a film:

 May contain spoilers

 Click read more.






 Dunkirk is only about British people!
 ???????Dunkirk focuses on BRITAIN. It was made by British filmmakers so they will inevitably have a bias towards their own nation.

 What's the point of Dunkirk? It's confusing!
 ???????The film's focus is largely upon the ""Little Ships of Dunkirk"". The 700 civilian boats which sailed to Dunkirk from Ramsgate, England. Mark Rylance's character is meant to exhibit the selflessness of these individuals in their quest to save lives. This was the part of Dunkirk which is particularly special to British people. In Britain, people mention the ""Dunkirk Spirit"" as phrase which represents selflessness and a sense of duty. Nolan wanted people to understand this ""Spirit"", that's why at the end of the film, 3 of the main characters (The soldier from the beach, the Spitfire pilot and Mark Rylance) all end up in one of the little ships.

 Why is it split into 3 stories? It's confusing!
 ???????The film is split into 3 aspects (Planes, Beach and Ships) because Nolan wanted to display the role each of them had and their experiences and thoughts clearly.
 The soldiers on the beach are desperate to escape. The ships are desperate to save the soldiers. The planes are desperate to save the ships. At the end of the film, the 3 stories merge into one. That completes the story of Dunkirk.

 Why are there no German soldiers?
 ???????The Germans are never shown because Nolan wanted to create an overwhelming sense of fear. In other films like Saving Private Ryan or Hacksaw Ridge, you can see your enemy and you know where they are. In Dunkirk, you never know where they will be. The opening scene where the soldiers run down the street and get shot shows this perfectly. They were just strolling down the street when out of nowhere the Germans opened fire. This is continued into the beach when people look to the sky in fear because of the Luftwaffe bombing them. That's why the Stuka bombers are so terrifying with that dive-bombing siren, because they come out of nowhere.

 There are no French people! It's unfair!
 ???????The French were given a small amount of screen time but nonetheless some. The film focuses on Britain so they were always going to be in the background. The opening scene exhibits the French Army's fortifications at Dunkirk and how they held the Germans back as long as they could. The French soldiers on the beach trying to evacuate on a British ship were denied entry because the British ships serve Britain. France had their own evacuation ships and additionally, they would be evacuating from their own country. At least British soldiers were evacuating back to their homeland, not away from it. Regardless, many tens of thousands of evacuees were indeed French as on the characters portrayed, many French managed to get themselves onboard British ships, either by disguise or other methods. At the end of the film, Commander Bolton (Navy guy on the pier) repays the French because he refuses to evacuate with the Army Colonel and says he is staying behind for the French.

 There is no dialogue!
 ???????The film lacks much dialogue because it's focus is on actions. The film is very much about actions speak louder than words, hence the British civilian boats rescuing all the soldiers from the beach. They didn't whine or complain, they DID it. They, as Mark Rylance said ""have a job to do"". The soldiers don't speak much because it's meant to be more of representation of soldiers in general. The experience of the main soldier on the beach (The Mole), along with Harry Styles, is meant to represent the struggle of all 400,000 soldiers. It's not dedicated to an individual or their personality. It's not Hacksaw Ridge where the film is based on one specific guy and his life. It's based on the experience of 400,000 stranded soldiers.

 There is not enough explosions or action!
 ???????The film is sedate in its lack of explosions and action because it's meant to be realistic. Nolan himself is not one for explosions as most of his films use practical effects. Dunkirk is a film made to show duty and selflessness in the evacuation. It's not meant to have flashes and explosion. The plane scenes are made to be as realistic as possible. Tom Hardy only fires his Spitfire's cannons in short bursts. That ensures maximum accuracy. It's meant to be realistic, it's not Star Wars. He's not Han Solo and he's certainly not going to fly around and blast everyone into a fireball!

 Why is it so confusing? I don't get the film?
 ???????For people who don't UNDERSTAND the events of Dunkirk, it's no surprise that this film is confusing. It's not about knowing what happened. It's about understanding what's happening. That gets explained in the film but many people still don't understand it. The theme is the evacuation. 400,000 people stranded on a small beach, surrounded by the German army. They cannot stand their ground, their only option is to evacuate. They are only a few miles from their home, England, yet The Channel separates them. They were never going to make it home, that's why Churchill said he wanted 30,000-40,000 to make it back. That's roughly 350,000 DEAD. They didn't account for the civilian aid which they received. THAT'S what makes Dunkirk unique. Without them, they would have all DIED. The pleasure yachts, the fishermen, the crabbers, the weekend sailors and the all the rest of the 700 ships were the savours. That's how they got over 350,000 back alive. That's why it's such an incredibly important historical event. The fact that a group of people who could easily have sat at home decided to sail into gunfire, Luftwaffe planes, Kriegsmarine U-Boats and more is amazing. That's why Commander Bolton starts crying when he sees them. When the men couldn't get HOME. HOME CAME FOR THEM.

 This whole theme and rescue ties in with something called the ""British Spirit"" (it probably doesn't exist any more - it probably died out somewhere towards the 1990s, possibly even the 1970s). The British never give up spirit. The ""We shall never surrender"", ""We shall defend our island whatever the cost may be"". That's how Britain ?????€????????€??? survived and won the War. Britain NEVER gave up, they went the extra mile. That's why the soldier on the train at the end reads out Churchill's never surrender speech. That's the theme - never give up, never surrender, we're all in it together.

 This is why it's a confusing film for many non British people because they may not be familiar with the idea of the ""British spirit"" and so they don't understand the importance of the film and its message."
Going to see it tomorrow, hopefully lots of spitfire action.
Just saw Dunkirk on IMAX last night. This movie deserves an Oscar award.
Best movie in years ... If this movie doesn't win "Best picture" at the oscars i'll lose all hope in humanity.
Whats the song in the trailer
Sorry but who sends one bomber at a time on an assault on enemy forces. Unescorted too. German Luftwaffe wasn't even crippled at that point.
Saw the movie today with my son. We enjoyed the movie, but I thought it was too short and enjoyed hacksaw ridge more. Was that plane that Mad Max was in realistic the way it kept gliding for so long with no fuel? Pretty good though, not up to the hype created though.
"The trailers make this movie look action packed but it's nowhere near that, it's extremely slow there is only 4 scenes where they actual fire their rifle and the bombs are just horrible, a stick of dynamite does more damage. People say oh but its so deep....... yeah the ships that all sink non dramatically are deep. Also there's more dialog in a spongebob episode then this entire movie.

 3/10 just not worth the watch, a documentary would be better."
This movie is so sexist and racist! Where are all the women and minorities??? A trans lead character would have showed Nolan actually cares about society....
An actual masterpiece. I adored this movie, I doubt that I will ever watch a movie as good as this one that's not animated. Great actor choice SPOILER I know its very unlikley to happen but if there can be one I'd like a part 2 where they rescue the French army
This movie is fucking loud in the theater!! I like it!
you can hear those stukas diving
Not a very compelling trailer
This movie is for England i guess . Its intresting but boring...for me
they just needed to surrender,its not as if nazis would have treated them similar to how white europeans treated the natives of america ,asia,africa, australia etc.
WWII great, is this saving private boring as fuck.
Just saw this at the cinema a few hours ago. Wow, wow, wow is all I can say. It literally felt like you were RIGHT THERE with the characters the whole time. Makes you anxious from the very start; I was so impressed. Every single actor did a beautiful job here. Well done and never forget what the heroes of Dunkirk sacrificed. God bless.
Needless to say I nearly pissed myself less than 5 minutes in
Spoiler alert the one kid dies.
"Dunkirk Review:

 Dunkirk is not another World War II movie. It is based on a real mission carried out by Allied Forces and the common English people. The real life situation, where 330,000 allied troops are stranded on the beaches of Dunkirk. The movie is slow at places and makes you think. Some times, you feel you are actually on that beach, trying to get off the Island. The action sequences and human emotion show on screen are real as they get. Don????????t go into the theater expecting, a ???????Saving Private Ryan??????? Watching Dunkirk will require patience and an attentive mind; it is not your summer popcorn flick. Christopher Nolan delivers an another solid film, a solid story, good performances and great cinematography. The only flaw in my point of view is the lack of dialogue. Otherwise it is four star movie!!! Thumbs Up. :)"
Another propaganda movie to make us believe that Britian saved Europe in WW II while minimizing the French effort. Just like THE IMITATION GAME that glossed over the Polish contibution to decoding and made it seem like it was all one opporessed British gay guy!
spank me daddy
its dissapointing that background score at 1.28 never made the film
HARRY STYLES oi oi!!!
Harry Styles
TBH I watched the movie it was really good but the trailer is better then the movie
0:50.... do i hear the world engine?
"one of kind cannot be compared to any other movie
 .unprecedented masterpiece
 DUNKIRK"
The entire film in one trialer.
This movie sucks DONt GOO WATCH IT !! :@ l had to leave in the middle of the movie because it was so freaking boring and bad. l did not know what was going on through the whole movie. And the tick tock clock music in the background made it even worse it never stoped. Same thing over and over sounds of planes bombarding and destroyed ships for 2 hours ????, no one talked there was no good acting in this movie, l was so dissatisfied and disappointed. I wasted 2 hours of my life and 30 dollars to go and watch this shit. DONT GO WATCH IT!! IT Suxks
looks gay
Who else thought it was a game by looking at the thumbnail?
I SEE YOU HARRY
Worst movie Ive ever seen boring
I just saw this film and thought it was great. Sad to see news outlets such as the Guardian have taken such a stand against it in order to advance their political agenda...
My great grandpa was in Dunkirk and he survived
1:30 what's the name of the song ?
the bgm <3
A brilliant film that hit me hard as a mom seeing all those young men killed , for those that have yet to see it take tissues .Breathtaking in every way including the soundtrack .
Like one of those shit films that military re-enactment clubs occasionally make but with surprising elements of a bad Carry On film. Bizarre decision to keep all the modern buildings and cranes etc, in the background, trains from the 1960s, modern warehouses and plastic framed windows, and the strangest bit, apart from the hackneyed jingoism, was the little boats destination.. Dorset!! Like you would get troops of the beach at Dunkirk and then cross to fucking Dorset? It's not exactly the shortest crossing. Then there were the ships supposedly to full to take on any more evacuees... practically empty. The lack of dialogue was not a problem because the dialogue was unconvincing, and terrible editing!! Makes Atonement look like a bloody masterpiece. Stinker.
Took my teenagers to see this the other day. Amazing movie. Not a lot of dialog...the visuals tell the story. Take someone to see this.
I just watched this movie and it was so good! I was on edge during the whole movie!
Great film .....makes you proud to be British.
"Poor depiction of war. No blood, no violence. No Germans. Three planes, two boats. A few hundred extras we barely see. Lots of them die but, whatever. Basically, this is the millenial's dream of war: a war without war. A dream of cinema without cinema. Violence without violence.
 Dunkirk is not a film but it pretends to be one.Tbh, one of the worst war films ever made and already extremely overrated."
dying to know the song that kicks in at 1:30. Anyone know if its part of Hans Zimmer's soundtrack?
Amazing film 10/10
Another glorified Western front film about a minor scuffle compared to the gigantic battles fought everyday on the Eastern Front while the West waited for the Soviets to die under the Nazis. Only after Stalingrad victory did they open the second front. Never will forget.
Hab den Film gesehen und er war sehr gut. Kann ich empfehlen.
It's Harry ????????
i watch the movie in theaters so many indians have faught for England WW2 in that time .,.. cristopher Nolan ignore the indian people who given there life for British Empire around 4 million Soilders .... fuck you english people
worst movie I have ever seen in my life, so boring,
I seen the movie yesterday . I don't recommend it . Boring , movie was all over the place . The sound affects were hideous . The English soldiers seemed like a bunch of cowards which they were . Saving private Ryan was 10 times better . Don't waist your money
"fucking movie out to history!! a real buullshit i expend 16 dollar for nothing!! another creepy movie but they try to do it nice!!! no good mix first front - faces, of the withdrawal at any moment out to the french effort for contain the German troops!!
 shit movie"
Watched this recently and it's definitely a 5 star movie, I would recommend it to anyone who's considering going to the movies. Trust me, this is one of those intense movies, it was pretty intense it had my brother on the verge of tears. A big thanks and applause to Christopher Nolan for beautifully executing this movie, I knew I could trust him with this movie and well, he didn't disappoint. Along with the cast directors, a big thanks to John Papsidera and Toby Whale for picking such an amazingly talented cast to perform in this film, I wouldn't have changed a single person on the cast.
Is there a way to rent/buy this movie?
best movie for 2017 so far...
Can't wait to see this movie!
0:47 that's harry styles on left. EASTER EGG
Save private Brian Tea version + Propaganda
The movie was great though I was surrounded by old people, probably from WW2 or at least had a family relative
"I've already watched this
 Honestly I expected more from Nolan
 The worst part in this movie that he did not show the enemy or German army is not in the movie!
 Also Hitler's was not included in this film and Churchill is not included in the film!

 All what I saw is the British air force and ships was drawing!


 So why Nolan did this?
 When he could made it million times better?



 Never seen a single German solder in the move!
 Or Hitler's or Germany!

 No Hitler's speech

 No Churchill speech

 No German army!

 Only British Air Force and German Airforce without showing Germans at all in the move

 Mr Nolan can you explain me why please?"
It is a story about the British army, not the French ! I'm French and I didn't mind not seeing a lot of french characters. This film is a masterpiece. Thank you England, always !
Omg my bae Harry plays Alex in this film ?????????????????????????€???
honestly one of the best films ive seen in a while. i was anxious the whole time moving around in my seat wondering if they were gonna make it or not and whats gonna happen next. definitely worth seeing.
100% another jewisch propaganda film by jewllywood
The soundtrack is backwards...????
full copy of pearl harbour. in my opinion
One of the best movies I have ever seen.
Fuck you all dumb cunts talking about the French. Just play COD 1 or 2 or watch a damn documentary idiots.
"I've see this movie and it is fantastic


 Wait there is not a word to describe how good it is"
finally WW2 film
AND THEN THEY MAKE BATTLEFIELD 2 DUNKIRK WOOAAAHHH FUCKING STUPID
First Nolan movie I actually fell asleep on the teather
where's wonder woman ?? ;p
I can't recommend seeing in IMAX enough. It's a shame seeing people bash that experience of seeing it when it's just about the only film created to date that features over 80% IMAX footage. For someone who goes to the cinema regularly I highly recommend seeing dunkirk on the biggest screen possible because the film was made with 70mm & IMAX cameras with a small portion being filmed on 35mm (standard screens). The sound is breathtaking, particularly within IMAX, and I'd say more so than cheap IMAX showings like Spiderman Homecoming where that movie for instance was shot with 0% IMAX and just usual 35mm instead. So all in all .... not seeing Dunkirk in IMAX is like missing out on a rollercoaster that only comes around once every few years to a decade. Nolan is the first person yet to take proper advantage of IMAX. Go Enjoy the IMAX experience. It's worth every penny IMO!!
nazism of today is islam !
Gotta see this !!!!
Gibson survived, right?
THIS MOVIE WAS AMAZING! JUST SAW IT TODAY :D Totally go see this movie guys.
You could barely hear nothing because the audio was shit
?????€???oat machine broke, but we got raft tho.
Everyone PLEASE watch this movie. It's AMAZING!!! ?????€???????????
"England won the war'..
 GLORY!

 Churchill abandoned the Highlanders
 Crimes of Britain"
Im French we have a version of dinkirk movie made in france its called?? Week-end ?? Zuydcoote made in the 60s?? probably the best
Didnt think it was amazing. i could see the whole plot of the film from 3 perspectives 1. air 2. ground 3. water which made it interesting Great acting but it felt like a film that wasnt required
"I have no idea why people like this movie, it's just filming a bunch of teenagers with no sense of logic.
 ""Oh, our boat is stranded near the enemy, let's all just sit in the hull""... really?
 This is no war movie, it shouldn't even be categorized as a war movie, it's comedy at best.
 But it's the almighty Christopher Nolan (?) therefore a good ""war"" movie... pffff SMD"
"I dont know whats great about this movie

 Poor dialog
 Boring acting
 Duplicate events"
I was bout to watch the movie then I found out that this little prick from one direction is main actor fuck that.
"Absolutely amazing film really want to watch it again. Thank you Christopher Nolan for creating a experience which you felt you were in I nearly cried when watching this film because of the intensity of the gun shots, bombs dropping and the reaction of the solider s and there emotions. We don't always realise how lucky we are to live in the world we are living in,without the events of Dunkirk happening, we would have lost the war and become a dictatorship country but as English men we keep fighting if that did happen we would never allow that. Let's be grateful that Dunkirk really was the turning point of the war for us and the Battle of Britain, make that a film next.

 Rating: 10/10
  Deserves an Oscar"
"???? honestly want to know... what were 100,000 Brits:
 1. doing in France without their own tank support?,
 2. not fighting the Germans but retreating back to Britain? It seems to me that the risk of taking the fight to the Germans was lower than bottle necking in Dunkirk and becoming a Turkey shoot for the Germans. Thank God the German command , especially Hitler, were bumbling idiots and didn't set the 6th Army on the Brits and French then and there. I saw the movie today and applaud the bravery of the British private boat captains but wondered at the glorification of England's massive failure."
"In 1958 they made a film called Dunkirk ,,they had limited resorses and technical ability so we got what 1958 tec had to offer but after this new effort has given us the story needed to be made again ,, in 2017 the story was filmed again Unfortunately it still needs to made again ,,this new adaptation was so cheep that thay thought CGI was be beyond them , the wing shots wasn't a spitfire ,Dunkirk was filmed in Southend with moden day plastic harber supports
  .very bad it was shit very disappointed.. so this epic story still needs to be made into a real film ,, but when"
So far the only nomination for it was Harry styles teen choice awards....
got to be the most over-rated movie in a long time,its ok,but its nothing special,quite average
"Lovin this masterpiece!!!
 What's 1:29 ?"
Nada mas las pinches unicas y especiales la quieren ir a ver por el tonto de Harry, ni le entienden a la pel????cula :v
This movie is WEIRD... i can make a better movie than this "Thing"
This is a credible film to our boys who gave their lives saving most of Europe. I am immensely proud and honoured to receive the benefit of what they did, gave our freedom at home and saved millions of lives and we wanted them home. Well done on the film , I think it was honest , our lads didn't get a choice and they died. But they did not die in vain we will always remember them
This movie was loud af my ears where ringing when I left the theater
IT WAS AWESOME!!!
OVERRATED, DISAPPOINTED, BORING,WORST NOLAN MOVIE
Why do fighter planes throw bombs and why have they stuka sirens, they look like some bf's
Harry styles at 0:48?
Overhyped. Historical inaccurate but offers the action the masses love. Not a bad movie but not going to watch it again. Not that great! Btw, Hitler let them escape...
one of the best movies of all time
I don't know, but I found the back ground score is very disturbing.
Someone please make a movie about the St. Nazaire Raid, It's pure gold and would be an epic if done right.
This movie is a must see. Recommend 10/10
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ bitly.im/Watch-Download-Dunkirk-2017-FuII-HD-Movie ]
"Read away if you don't want spoilers.



 This movie is brilliant, except for a few minor things. There was no ship for wounded, if you were extremely injured, there was no chance you'd get home. There would be a place for a healthy solider. The time line of this movie is extremely confusing at first. At first, it shows day, then switches to night, and back and forth. They don't make it apparent enough to demonstrate it's the same story, and make you think it's just random moments of different characters. They show planes crashing from different people, and 30 minutes apart. Funnily enough, I was the youngest person in the audience. Rant over"
S???€? VOU PELO HARRY DESCULPA RISOS
ARRASA HARRY
XORANU DE EMO???€?????O
N????O BELIVO QUE EU VOU VER MEU VIADINHO HOJE
EU VOU CHORAR
N????O TO CRENDO
???€? HOJE VIADO
hah
"This movie is pure masterpiece.
 You really need to focus and think while you watching it.
 There is myb 2 pages of scenario so it makes it even better.
 Its really realistic and sound is loud so you feel you are with them on the beach.
 And that air scenes with planes is really outstanding.

 9/10"
There was no "battle" at Dunkirk. Hitler believed that by allowing the Allied forces to retreat (humiliatingly) at Dunkirk, that gesture of goodwill would pave the way to peace between Germany and the Allies. I can't remember the number of times Hitler proposed peace to the Allies, but I think it was something like 16 times.
When is Hollywood going to make a movie about the St. Nazaire Raid?
This movie was fantastic it had me on edge cough cough Hans Zimmer and his fabulous music.
2 great movies : Hacksaw Ridge and this one
Christopher fuckin Nolan!!!!!!!!!
Didn't like it.
Don't fuck with Brits we run the world.
Which song is played here ? Please let me know.
"It's one of the most beautifully craft film

 Nolan committed himself to told a story of war, survival and human that will become phenomenon

 He made a war movie that is not Glorified or made it Patriotism

 This is one of the best war film ever made"
Very good film but can only be watched in a cinema with the correct speakers and sound.
German forces let them escape, because Hitler thought these men are linked to the aryan race.
Wieder so eine US SCHEISSE.
"Hello
 I just created a page focusing about cinema and i would appreciate your support by either liking/sharing or anyother way
 thank you :D
 https://www.facebook.com/Cinema-Scene-1935162516769297/"
"For anyone going to watch this movie and are expecting brilliance, that wasn't the experience i had. I came away from this movie feeling... Meh. I don't understand the hype over this movie. I gave it a 7/10 at best, probably more like a 6 but i'm feeling generous. It looked stunning and the sound was great, Tom Hardy was top notch, there were some quite intense (but samey) moments, costumes and they way people looked we're good, and it started brilliantly, one of the best starts I've seen in a movie...

 However there were a few problems i had with the movie. It was too cheesy and the acting suffered because of it. The historical inaccuracies made the movie pretty piss poor. If i'm watching a war movie, i want a good depiction of what it was like... mainly with the planes, they had endless amount of ammo, they couldn't have landed on sand, and there wasn't enough of them.

 I feel like moving back and forth through time was unnecessary... There was no need for it, it didn't help with suspense, it was just there for the sake of it.

 I couldn't care less about the characters.

 There was a lack of violence/blood/limbs flying off lol, which i understand it isn't necessary, but this movie really needed it in my opinion.

 Lastly it didn't give a great attention to threats. Yes there are planes dropping bombs, a few 'oh shit he is going to drown', but what about from the opposing side? Not one German was seen, and you didn't get a sense of struggle to hold the beach.

 These are all i could come up with off the top of my head without being too boring.

 ----- This is my opinion and everyone is entitled to their own.... you're wrong if you thought it was amazing though ;)"
This movie made me afraid of going to war
watched it in the cinema last night... Should've name the film Dudkirk... THIS FILM LITERALLY FEELS LIKE IT HAS NO STORYLINE
This movie really made me feel what its really like in war, I never really imagined what war is like. But this movie made me respect soldiers more. People that are like me should really experience this. See what war truly feels like
What is the music in the background?
"I am here for the harry styles comments and the people feeling offended by them

 But i can't find any."
No GURKHAS???ITS FUCKING hoax then
"SPOILER ALERT

 The nazis lost ww2."
You have Christopher Nolan. Tom Hardy. Music of Hans Zimmer and then there is Harry Styles. WTFFFF
My god, my boyfriend, harry ????????????????????
will watch this today eheheheh?????????????????????
wait i thought tom hardy was in russia killing nazis with the red army
Boring. The producers must have paid the critics for a great review. Terrible Movie.
GOOSEBUMPS EVERYTIME CHRISTOPHER NOLAN DROPS A FILM
saw it 3 days ago really good
I went to watch this movie without watching the trailer or reading the synopsis so I had no idea what respect about it. I was like isn't that Harry Styles?? XD I think he was actually quite good in the movie, as debut and from someone who's a singer first. He might probably act in more movies. And the cinematography and music in this movie were excellent.
this movie was so amazing
This movie was truly a masterpiece, it's a must see!
"Bout to up sum up this movie. SPOILERS AHEAD!!!!!








 Men go on boat. Boats gets sunk. Men go to another boat. Boat gets sunk. Rinse and repeat"
sometimes the visuals dont make a good movie, but the soundtrack. Am not saying that this movie doesn't have good visuals is just that the music keeps you at the edge of your seat through out the entire movie.
"Dunkirk Movie Available in hd Quality
 https://plus.google.com/+AmiraDuana/posts/MzEKWatsaaY"
"I saw this today in the theatre. It was pretty good but not as good as I thought it would be. But it shows what it means to be british and they should be proud of that.
 I found it to be really loud and often you couldn't understand the dialogue because of all the noise. Harry had a smallish part but he fit in well. it is worth seeing if just for the history and the scope of the utter disaster the military got itself into."
The thing I hated about this movie was how they made it seem like German pilots were totally retarded, and how there planes are also made of paper, and also how the movie ended with the guy who ran out of fuel, be could of easily turned around and landed softly and get on a boat, other than that it was rather decent
No character had a name except for the little boy who died ???????€????????€????????€?
the soundtrack name
The film is rubbish. It has no story line, and an annoying sound all through the movie.
This movie was absolutely amazing. Harry Styles was great, the score was phenomenal, I loved it so much
really lame movie...
My dad and grandpa had a flashback during the movie
A English Propaganda Film first Class... and so boring in 2017...
this movie sucked there was barely any fighting there were no nazis barley any french the setting was at the end of the battle the majority of the time it was a montage of practically nothing and was nowhere close to historically correct the french and british were getting slaughtered and this showed nothing the best part was the last 5 mins or so this is the worst war film ive ever seen
ja to esperando
Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer are my favourite couple.
YAWN. yay another war movvie. YAWN.
Jewish Propaganda
Fun fact: Hitler let the allies escape and then proceeded to offer England peace. He was such a warmonger. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE! WAKE UP PEOPLE! WE ARE BLAMKING THE WRONG SIDE.
We surround you
Harry did so good
One word intense but beautifully done!!!!
Harry styles really caught.my eye!!!
Poor George.
i just saw the movie in cinema. Honestly, wasnt as as good as I expected from Christopher Nolan. would give it a 7/10
I can already imagine sitting in the theater right now. Heart pounding, seat clenching, eye captivating. True art.
Just watched it in the cinema. Brilliant movie! Great visuals also.
spoiler.captain stays in france,pilot gets captured by germans and i you want me to delete this comment then lick my juicy logcutter
Battlefield1 ????????
I just watched it and it was amazing. The feeling you get while watching this is unexplainable, you just feel the pain of the soldiers. It was breathtaking, literally. Another Nolan movie that didn't dissapoint us???????????? btw Harry did so well in the movie, It didn't feel or look like his first time acting in a movie. He and Everyone else were perfect????????????
Barry Keoghan dies
French cucks should stomp complaining. If it weren't for the British they would've surrendered anyway.
best movie ive ever seen
Why make a movie about people escaping a country that surrendered? I prefer countries that don't surrender.
Wanna watch it right now!!!!
"Well.. They could at the very least have thrown out some honorable mentions about the 10.000 french soldiers that literally sacrificed their lives, holding the line while the British soldiers were evacuated.
  At least a tiny god damned mention. :/"
This movie was fucking ass
PG-13???? But "The Big Sick" is rated R. What is wrong with people? Shooting and killing and hopelessness and death all around get a PG-13 rating, but a few sexy scenes and a bunch of swearing gets rated R? The priorities of this world are so completely messed up.
Have just watched this film at the cinema with my son ! Hands down this is the best movie I have ever seen ever ! My grandfather was Lt Cdr at Dunkirk during the evacuations , this is no saving private Ryan , it's not got Rambo either so there are no Hollywood heroes, it simply shows a horrific moment in WW2 ...that's all .
This film will go down as one of the classics, definitely film of the year...so much better than the shit churned out of hollywood...cant wait for 2018 when Pegasus is released, if its half as good as dunkirk it will be brilliant.
It was very good film
"One of the greatest fucking war movies I've seen Nolan really knows how to grab you by your nuts and the music was perfect i constantly felt like something big was about to happen and on top of that it was a very dark grey bland isolated scenery you just felt cold and sorrow in the air .
 I can't say enough good things about this i believe Nolan should direct every war movie because he really knows how to capture the moment and how aweful war really is"
A lot of you people are spoiled brats!
The scene at 0:18 where a soldier pushes away his dead comrade made me shudder.
Movie sucked
"For any student of history this move is rubbish. To hitlers generals anger he haulted the attack and allowed them to escape . which is considered one of this biggest mistses by historians throughout the war. Hitler admired the British. He was told to invade england and got mad and demanded that advice cease. This is fact he even said in mein kapf that britian was a stabilizing influence in the world.
 I'm not a apologist for Adolf Hitler but the truth is the truth. He never wanted to go to war wih England. Or France. Britain AMND France declared war on Germany not vice versa.
 Hitler wanted to go to war with Russia this is why he ended operation sealion.
 All Hollywood movies about Nazi Germany is rubbish propaganda"
Academy award winner for best picture....DUNKIRK
my uncle sam was at dunkirk. he got back alive only to die in a motorcycle accident soon after. tragic
God I fucking hate movies and games about WW2. Get over it already. It's been done a billion times. You could've used all this money for something original Nolan, instead you went the boring way. Yawn!
more jewish propaganda
"Please give us the sequel of the movie....

 ...in German perspective."
Im hyped for this, time to hit the movies!
Christopher Nolan and Hans need to make more war movies.
So bad that saying it SUCKED (in all caps) is still too kind ...
I watched this movie in movie teather today and it was one of the best war movies I have seen! Little different than I expected but in a good way
gachiBASS Clap
All these triggered frogs, lmao.
"oh wow look. its a movie about ww2. thats original. never been don before.
 now lets make sure they teach this in schools.??"
The things that I realized after watching this movie: Christopher Nolan is a pervert and those french soldiers are so pitiful.
War film rated 12A? Deaaad
war mean death
For all those peoples who don't like this movie shut the fuck up
all of our vets fought for us we shall not let them die in vein
Fake history according to the British..........the losers!
You'd think that they'd have ME-109s but they have HA-1112s.
None of you here have the right to question the bravery of ANY of these men, they were young just like you, they had lives to live just like YOU yet they were all thrust into a slow motion execution. YOU have your lives to live they had no choice...remember them, do not remember the protagonists. Thank you.
Why is there no females or black people, there were lots of woman in the bef
Never thought I'd walk out of a Christopher Nolan directed WWII movie and say to myself "Wow, Harry Styles was really good in that". What a time we live in
"Spoilers:






 They all get evacuated at the end"
Nothing beats Hacksaw Ridge (BestMovieEver)
OMG WW2 movies will never fucking end. There are other fucking wars you know I would mind a movie about the iraq war.
i love WW2 Movies
DAMN HANS ZIMMER AND CHRISTOPHER NOLAN
This film is so much more than the trailer! Gives a real sense of the beauty Nolan can create. Give my review on my channel a look to see why it was so great. FFx
Amazing Film :') <3
of all the negative reviews this movie had, i really don't understand how people claim it has no emotions. am i the only one who felt strong emotions of all characters? fear, courage, tension, sadness, determination, i was moved to tears several times and at the end felt shaken and lost of words. a true Masterpiece 10/10
Seen this movie last night. I fucking loved every minute of it and honestly gotta say that Harry Styles kid wasnt that bad of an actor but Finny Whitehead was amazing.
Am I the only one who thinks that almost nothing happened in this movie? I mean, there was no progress, no storyline. It didn't leave a feeling or an impact on you after you finished seeing it. After every movie I see, I learn something, but with this one nothing practically happened. Am I weird or is this explainable? What do you guys think?
"?????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€??????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???
 ?????€????????€????????€????????€????????€??????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???
 ?????€????????€????????€????????€??????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€???
 ?????€????????€????????€??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€???
 ?????€????????€??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????€???
 ?????€??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€???
 ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
 ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
 ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
 ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
 ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
 ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
 ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
 ?????€??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€???
 ?????€????????€??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????€???
 ?????€????????€????????€??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€???
 ?????€????????€????????€????????€??????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€???
 ?????€????????€????????€????????€????????€??????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???
 ?????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€??????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???"
Chutiya trailer
Just watch the movie! It's awesome!
the music please
Something unrealistic here. The guys are wearing safety helmets and boots but where are the high visibility vests? Not enough attention given to gay rights and transgender sensibilities. Why are no female soldiers shown? No creche facilities on the beach, yuk. Also, if this Hitler guy really existed, why didn't the USA step in and destroy his WMDs? Plus we all know WW2 was won by the USA on its own. Nah, can't be a true story.
?????????????€???. T????rkler like +1 )
Studio pressure to make money has made Nolan to launch this realistic documentary into movie....A true fan would never like it !
"Just saw this today.

 Fucking masterpiece. Anyone with a bit of WWII knowledge will appreciate the efforts Nolan went through to make this historically accurate as possible. Some inaccuracies but shit."
That's one intense trailer.
Anyone else really want the song in the trailer?
This movie was life changing
No i read it in the gardian it came out of the us apprantly
These men died so Nick Compton could live
just watched it, such a chillingly amazing and awe inspiring movie. if you don't see this movie you will have missed a masterpiece
This movie is an immersive experience of the events at Dunkirk. However, do not expect a complex narrative or to get Nolan-mindblown like Inception, Interstellar, or The Prestige. This movie is more of an experience, not a narrative. I was waiting for the traditional (Nolan) drop in the film where everything ties in together & the narrative now follows a linear direction. Adjust your expectations other you'll feel empty-handed at the end of the movie.
It makes me laugh how the SJWs say there are no women or people of colour in the movie. These idiots should stop trying to rewrite history
Hans Zimmer should win the Oscar next year!!!
Just watched the movie. Just great. 10/10
This movie was a bullshit!
I went to see spiderman home coming , but i watch dunkrik because iv been waiting this epic film long time . we are tired of superheroes movies.
movie is boring as hell dont recommend it
Just watched it today, this is a one of its kind, you dont get to see such as a good movie these days.. totally worth your money, i recommend watching it in IMAX theaters to get the best experience for music and scenes
this film this epic
when we get this kind of movie but German perspective?
I just watched this movie and I was so emotionally invested into all the characters that I cried alot. This movie was fucking amazing I 100000000% recommend it.
They make the Germans look Ike NAZIS... Oh wait
I think when Poland people don't fight in Battle of England in air this war be lose for England Airforce... Poland Figthers in Division 303 was very brave and the best in this war... Maybe when England help Poland in first moment war maybe Poland can defence a long time... Whatever 400k solders were in fork but Hittler was stupid sometimes...
The moment when the movie was so much better than the trailer ! Masterpiece !
OVERRATED MOVIE, BEING A FAN OF NOLAN I FELT VERY BORING,SAVING PVT RYAN IS FAR BETTER AND REALISTIC
Love how I'm here though I watched it
Some great advice : don't watch this movie high as fuck ( i can tell out of experience )
that photography just looks so perfect... I will see it next friday and i'm very excited! :D
This film is fucking brilliant, stop debating whether or not to buy tickets, go buy them right now because you won't regret it.
The Yanks won't like this movie - it doesn't show them as rushing in to save the day. Which is accurate, since the cowards were still sitting on their thumbs and playing with their stunted cocks and, in many cases, supporting Hitler at this time. And for another year after. If only France had oil reserves, eh?
I find the lack of a German perspective to be a very misandrist move.
Who else watched Dunkirk because it's a good historical movie and not because of Hairy Styles?
"Just got back from the movie, it's actually quite terrible. Easily Nolan's worst movie to date.
 I'm not going to spoil the plot, although anyone familiar with history of the region already kind of knows. Aside from how this movie doesn't really have a plot that goes much beyond that anyway. (Yes be prepared for extremely minimalist dialogue for the most part, alongside non-linearity that destroys a sense of plot.)

 The music in this is goddamn awful, the 'suspense shots' take forever to finally show what happens with a VERY annoying musical tone that simply does not end and the editing with flash backs to what is supposed to be happening simultaneously really completely destroys the movie's credibility. It feels incredibly fake. And it has a pretentious underlining to it that simply does not suit it. It might have worked had these scenes not taken forever.
 It's not a good movie. It's actually pretty darn bad. It has a strong opening, but shortly after that it complete falls flat. Take it from me, the trailer is way better than the movie hinting at a lot more action. You will not really get a lot of action in this and what's there isn't quite very good or that interesting. Some scenes are interesting from a visual point of view, like some of the dogfighting and some of the wide shots on the beach.
 But the actual dogfighting itself looks incredibly bad with the viewer wondering why the hell the pilot could not hit on the first try having a perfect line up with the target. Anyone who's ever flown or played a flight simulator would at least taken a shot. Not in this movie. No, in this movie they wanted to have the pilots line up at least three times, only to kind of hit the engines perfectly. Sorry, but that's not how dogfighting in reality goes. You will generally have a hard time lining up for a perfect shot. Whenever you come even remotely close, you will fire for sure. I don't care if they think bullet preservation was a thing (which it was), but this is not how you shoot down planes. Aside from that the number of German airplanes make no sense.
 At this point in the war, the German airforce was actually pretty much superior in numbers. Not in a 3:1 kind of way, but rather a 10:1 kind of way. We don't see that at all. Instead we see random dogfights, which apparently are supposed to be close to the beach and boats, but really aren't taken there.

 For a beach that had over 400.000 soldiers (in this movie only between maybe a 1000 to 5000 at best are ever shown) you would expect many more bodies. It would also make the 'duck on the beach' scene more plausible, because people would not be able to run anywhere with 400.000 people at the same spot. With maybe 500-1000 people though it looks painfully bad in how there would be room to run out of the firing cone of the attack fighters diving in from high up. It's bad. Why did they not use post-processing to add 100 times the amount of people here? They definitely should have.

 And I can't believe how much modern day buildings, objects or items are still visible in this movie, including modern containers on the beach near the end. Holy fcking moly?! I think Christopher Nolan must not be very aware of what the older France looked like, because this stuff is really noticeable.
 As far as the plot itself goes, they are on the beach and they get of the French beach aaand that's when the movie ends. I'm sure this was an important moment in history (hence Churchill's speech and some propaganda surrounding it at the time), but sadly it just does not work very well for a movie. I'm not even sure the movie does the whole thing justice in how scale of things was completely destroyed by a lack of people on the beach, lack of boats in numbers and so on.

 I don't want to compare to Saving Private Ryan (as that's clearly less historical in many ways or rather more of a Hollywood approach to history if you will), but if you're expecting something with a story and the occasional action more along those lines, you're going to be GREATLY disappointed. Be prepared for a fairly boring movie, characters with which you kind of do not connect, all with their own series of events that are edited together in a rather poor way. I would not recommend this movie even for rental, it's that poor.

 Oh, last but not least, the acting itself in this movie is alright. It's not spectacular but that's mostly due to how it's a bit light on dialogue anyway. My disliking of this movie has very little to do with the acting in this. There are some cringe worthy moments though, so don't expect the acting to save the movie. 4 out of 10, maybe 5 out of 10, definitely not more than that. Don't believe the 8,9 score nonsense. This movie does not come close."
I camped on that beach in 1982, at dawn a pheasant passed close by, it was lovely.
I really love the fact that Nolan used real planes and pratical effects. But can anyone tell me why explosions nowadays look so exaggeratedly yellow? Or did he use occasionally CG?
the sirens
"So I've watched it today. And I have to say... it was extraordinary. This wasn't a movie, this was a feeling. The atmosphere, the music, the tension... it really stucked in my mind. I can't even explain it. The actors did a great job, some of them haven't even spoken much, it was all about their face expression.
 Oh and can I defend Harry a bit? I knew he's doing some film but I had no idea he'll be here, when I decided to watch the movie. And I expected him there for maybe 10 minutes without saying anything important. I'm a fan of him, but that's not the case. He was good! I really think he could be a great actor. So yeah, I get it, his name can get some more audience for the movie but he did a good job too.
 For example, Cara Delevingne is a beautiful modell, but I just can't see her as an actress. She's kinda unnatural in her movies. But of course, it's just my opinion, I can be wrong.
 Just wanted to say it because I've met some negative comments and so...
 But anyway, if you like historical war movies, watch it! I highly recommend it.
 P.S. I really liked the other protagonist-blackhaired-boy. Never seen him before, but it's something special about him.
 P.P.S. Tom Hardy is amazing as always, duh.
 P.P.S. Damn, that Lockhard changed a lot. I still fancy him.

 Oh and my English may be shitty, please, grammar nazis, spare your time."
It wasn't about the Americans, but I loved the ONE reference they did make, 'New World'. Fantastic film, simply amazing.
One of the actors looks a bit like Harry Styles but with short hair
is that Harry Styles?? 0:47
Just watched this in cinema. This film is pushing its sound system to the max, that each explosion felt like a shockwave through my heart. I believe this film can only be enjoyed in a cinema. Earphone or home theater can never give you the same sensation.
What a way to ruin a movie by casting that fuckboy harry styles.
7349 are Nazis
Luckily they prevailed and were able to make Europe what it is today....a safe haven for bearded transexuals, african boat refugees, 3rd world syrian peasants and sharia law. Good job.
Dunkirk being lead by a disabled black lesbian' yeah but he forget the french army in that beach.... well did he have worked with the same history book used for BF1 ?
am i the only one who watched this and thought that all the troops on the beach looked exactly the same, the only people i could tell different were the people on the sailing boat and the Generals?
A group or British fascists whouse their boats to rescue troops were then interned for four years on the grounds of bing a threat to security. There's your British history for ya.
This movie is simply a Masterpiece from Nolan himself
Nolan's boner for Hardy (wink wink) has not yet reached Scorcese's level for you know who..yet....
harry styles is an asshole soldier in the movie
See Mickeal Bay, this is how you do a WW II movie.
Watch Dunkirk Full movies free 2017 >> plus.google.com/u/0/101399568861881882245/posts/ATBvhMxXV4i
There is not enough black women fighting for the Nazi's this is triggering.
am i the only one who thought the movie was goddam boring!
what a shit trailer though
Is this movie like a ww2 movie or ww1?
"My buddy and I give our thoughts on the film in our latest podcast episode. Check it out if you're interested.

 Listen to Episode 3: Dunkirk by And The Award Goes To #np on #SoundCloud
 https://soundcloud.com/user-951637273/episode-3-dunkirk"
This movie was incredible. Horrifying, but very well done.
DIRECTIONERS?!?! ??????
#HarryDeservesGrammy
"Sorry have to disagree, bad bad bad.
 Nothing special, Saving Privet Ryan by far the best eva and defiantly better then this crap."
war is disgusting. I would never watch this, we have had enough of this bullshit.
"1:38 - 1:39
 you're welcome

 (don't get your panties in a bunch I am also genuinely interested in the film)"
Moving movie, but muted. Too muted, IMHO. Tom Hardy's character is at least epic. Worth the price of admission.
didnt know thomas cromwell had a boat
"I was surprised to put it mildly when I
 discovered that Christopher Nolan was making a movie about the Dunkirk
 Evacuation in 1940 because I wondered who would be interested, given that few
 people outside of Britain have ever heard of the event. The film is truly
 stunning, especially in IMAX, but if it has a flaw it is a lack of context. I
 wonder if there were other battles more pivotal to WWII? If Britain had lost,
 WWII in Europe would have been over there and then. America would never have
 joined the war in Europe and the world would be a very difference place today ??????€?
 perhaps more resembling ???????The Man in the High Castle???????. If you want to fill in
 the blanks on this one, I highly recommend an equally sensational novel
 (Dunkirk Spirit by Alan Pearce). It stayed with me for a long time after
 putting it down."
I just saw the movie its litttt
French people who are mad that no french showed in the movie for their "heorical act" in defense of British soldiers is beyound my imagination of how french are so fucking arrogant. Germans took the northern part of your country in less than a month, you still had one million soldiers in Southern France ready to counterattack (it wouldnt change the course of the war, but it would be certainlly a much more honoured defeat, like the honorable polish, who charged german panzers with their cavalry without giving a single fuck), but your generals decided it was time to allying with the germans, granting them some Power and the french received that destiny with passivity. French resistance, compared to other partisan movements, was ridiculous. After german invasion of Paris, it was commom to see french women who had lost their men in war going to bed with SS offices. Vichy France actually killed american soldiers in Operation Casablanca and gaved to the nazis all of its 75.000 jewish french population, which less than some dozens manage to survive. French people should be forbidden to talk about Second World War. Stupid cowards.
Where are the 40,000 frenchs who sacrified themselves to saves hundred of thousands ? Where are the belgians and the french that were let down by the brits without even being informed and as Winston Churchill assured them they were not let down ? I guess Dunkirk has made one more victim : historic reality.
Good trailer, poster, sound, music, movie was good until the planes showed up, some scenes were good some looked seriously under budget, lacked any major expensive war scenes as expected, lacked story and script, based on history so felt like a documentary, where are the girls looks gay, scenes seemed not in continuity, scenes were patched up around an event, don't know what Nolan tried to do here maybe a copycat of Hacksaw Ridge.....apart from Fionn Mark Jack James no one stood out.
"""you can practically see it from here.""
 ""what?""

 ""the oscar."""
That was the entire dialogue for the film in one trailer.
it wasn't a bad movie I just don't know the history of what happened there, I guess I will have to research it
Maaano
whos here after watching the movie?
2:02 mark Brit officer looks familiar butler from Agent Carter?
This movie took Cristopher Nolan to another level like Scorsese, Spielberg ...Well done chief
"Looks awesome! Finally something that resembles a historically correct movie that we dont have to roll our eyes to every 5 minutes because everything is changed to make SJW ""children"" happy. So tired of the mangled SJW versions of all movies where men are changed into women and white people are changed into people of color or just simply removed... I swear soon we will see a ""historically correct"" movie about Hitler and he will be played by a disabled woman of color. That's how nuts SJW people are today.

 Thank you Warner Bros for doing a normal, historically correct movie. This is the first time in a long while i will go to the movies. :)"
400,000 soldiers run home! 400,000 soldiers it is a great strength, but they all want to go home. What is about this movie? where heroic deed?
What's the song that starts @ 1.29
Isn't sinking a Medical ship a War Crime?
What is that my music at 1:30 ?
HARRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY OMFGGGGGGG?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€??????????? PEOPLE HE'S TOOOOOOOOO FKKK PERFECT?????????????????????????????????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?
2:53 whats the music?
Watching this movie was painful. It really makes you realize why so many had PTSD
"You know what a historically accurate film needs?


 Black people and women"
where are the diversity in this film? NO OPPRESS DINDUS AND WOMEN!!?! FUCKING racist sexist privilege WHITE PEOPLE REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
"sjw should deported and put back in the Gas chamber where they belong
 fuckin jews"
Let the Race War begins fuckin niggers
Truly interresting story... Hitler hoped, that he will cease war with England, and let em escape... thats end of story...
Saw it this past Saturday. Really good movie. You can feel the dread throughout the movie. For the first 1.5 hr of the movie, constant dreading music. Also, never have I seen more than half of the audience be elderly people. Makes sense tho.
You know SJW's complained that there weren't any people of color or women in the lead roles? This is how bad it is getting. And that's how inept these people are with history
HARRY KU SHAYANG
This definitely wasn't one of Christopher Nolan's best movies but it was pretty good
Good but lacked character development
I hope COD WWll looks like this
This movie is good not just because harry is in it, your liking it for the wrong reasons
Looks great. It's hilarious that people are complaining about a historically accurate film being racist and sexist
Just watched the movie, Found it extremely boring. No, not because there wasn't enough blood and gore and people being slaughtered, it was just the fact it was boring and you couldn't really understand what was happening.
Saw this in IMAX, it was amazing.
Ah the good old days when we used to fight nazis rather than vote for them.
This movie sucked
Expect this whole movie is just postwar propaganda, Hitler let allied forces to retreat at Dunkirk as he hoped that this act would open eyes for allied soldiers, and his peace offers would'been accepted.
Dung-kirk?
French stfu be greatful we saved your ass at d-day u pussies took 6 weeks to lose your whole country
Dunkirk was my flippin' history coursework for three months
I had a good friend who was there that day. He made it home but lost many friends. Now he has been reunuted with them again, Rest in peace Siril, we miss you ???????€???????
Just saw the movie. The best thing I had this evening was Pop Corn and Cola. This movie is a waste of money and waste of time! Pretentious piece of modern cinema! If you want to see real war movie, with real historical value, with real drama, tragedy and honour, with real narration, and if you don't want to feel like you ve been in some kind of dream shit and raped by agrresive music that penetrates your mind so suggestively because the story is so superfluous and non- inventive - go and see another war movie (e.g. Hacksaw Ridge...).
now i want a movie how the british and france running away from turkey gallipoli
Put the Great Back in Great Britain (Make Britain Great Again)
The English won't have a "home" soon
Run. Hide. Tell.
Thank GOD we won so terrorism could be part and parcel to life in London.
It's a good thing the world defeated National Socialism so we could replace it white White Genocide.
Dunkirk (2017) - plus.google.com/u/0/+InfinityMoviesEntertainment/posts/HZY94c7GM4B
Feel good movie of the summer! If senseless death, violence, and human sacrifice makes you feel good, I mean.
What is this song in the trailer towards the end
Goddamnit i have to wait untill 31 August here in italy! I AM SO HYPED!
I like Nolan. But the level of propaganda, denial and history falsification in this film is frightening. Does Nolan hate the french so much he couldn't even mention their bravery and sacrifice during this battle? The french saved hundreds of thousands of english soldiers fighting to death to protect them. Even the english and german commanders wrote and told the french have been incredibly strong despite the fact they were outnumbered by the germans. Internet douchebags should stop calling the french "surrender monkeys", there is no biggest lie in History. The french army has proved to be one of the most glorious and brave for centuries. This film makes me sick. I'm very disappointed by Christopher Nolan.
A film about respect
The only reason German Tanks have stopped (German Generals were against it and wanted to take and kill all soldiers stuck there) , because Hitler felt he was loosing control and wanted to show everyone "Who da boss is"..! Well thanks to that , otherwise i would be writing this in German.
The movie was fantastic <3
The background noise sounds like Patrick from Spongebob yelling
This movie is now one of my all-time favorites, and Tom Hardy absolutely killed his role. Well done!
???????€????? ???????€? ???????????????€????? ???????????????? ???????????????????????€????€?, ???????????????????€????????????????????? ???????????????????????€????? 300 ???????€????????€?????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????? ???????????€????€????????????? ???????????????€????????????????? ???? ???????????? ???????€?????????????????????? ???????????????????????????? ???????? ?????????????????????????????????????????. (????????????????? ???????????????????????????????? ???????????????€????? ???€????????€?2)
"300000 soldiers and they just run , and english try to make them war heroes.
 You know heroes should fight not run"
Hmm. Looks boring.
Pairing this movie with a 'dual' follow up: 'The Battle of the Somme' would be another insight, for the world to see some of the most bloodiest campaigns on record.....or is that a bridge too far? I was middle back of the Cinema having seen this movie. The Spitfire engines....There's not a sound in the world like it. Audio was far better than Premier seats. Fantastic movie. I bet the American's are jumping up and down on this one, as Britain has the latest war blockbuster movie!!
BEST MOVIE OF 2017
This movie shows how cinema is art and how filmmaking is craft that always requires constant improvement. It is pure example of intelligent , insightful , subtle and layered construction that is very rewarding in the end and needs you to use your brain and develop own opinion on characters and their reasoning. It has been a long time since a war film has been presented like this and if you are a true fan of film you will at least admire it if not love it .4.5/5
Film m????thi???? gitmenizi tavsiye ederim...
Dunkirk , War for the planet and Logan are best three movies so far.
My brother in law told me this movie has no plot and is the worst movie he's ever seen. He told me I should go so that I can be tortured for 2 hours. Anyone concur?
awesome
"this movie is shit... no scenario, no characters, dogfight is lame.. music is boring ( plus fucking too loud in my theater)
 historical inaccuracy..
 nothing to salvage..

 a war movie without war has already been made, and it s a masterpiece called a thin red line... no need for that crap.."
PEOPLE!!! theres harry styles in this movie!! what more do you want from one?! XD
I saw this on the weekend and was very disappointed because I have no idea what the story was about and thought it was about Spock quitting the Enterprise as the science officer because he was fed up with bailing the crew out again....I'm, Done Kirk!
"The British ran away, the troops chosen to fight refused and rested on the beach waiting for evacuation, while the French heroically fought alone the German.
 And the movie of course show only the british making them kind of heroes."
I never liked any Nolan film except Memento. I hope this is not like the rest of his films.
After watching the movie, I predicted that there will be a debate whether the deeds of the French would be underapreciated or not. Although I understand the frustration that some got about this subject as it is frankly overlooked by many, I don't think that Dunkirk is the right movie for this. It's not your average warmovie as it's doesn't show the whole situation with action but more what the few individuals saw. Would it be the civilians on their boat, the (RAF?) piloot or the infantrymen on the beach, the movie primarily shows their look upon the situation and their struggles. Not of the average British/French soldier. It doesn't show you what happened in the city, but more specific what happened in that time on the beach. That's what the movie is about. I mean no harm and hate towards the French resistance, their deeds shouldn't be forgotten as they're one of the primarily reasons that the British saw their homeland again. I just don't see it how you could merg it the rest of the movie. What truly sad is is some comments that insults the British because of this movie.
What is this shit,Jews again lie a world,just if wanted Hitler is be wipe out all soldier on beach,he allowed to British to evacuate his troops,movie is just movie,but real truth is hidden from public forever.
"War for the Planet of the Apes
 ---================================
 https://twitter.com/danilramdani10/status/888042649537495040"
Anyone knows the score? Where i can find it?
Alright Oscar no superheroes,less popular than those blockbusters, dark theme, a war film, just give Christopher Nolan a goddamn Oscar already!!
Can anyone else see at 0:47 seconds that Harry Styles is the person on the left?
a different kind of a war movie. One must remember the great evacuation, hardships faced by the men out there. Great to remember. The youngsters should know what really happened, it is not a movie but real hard facts of war.
I feel bad for the veteran that saw the premiere he started to tear up
"Dunkik
 https://plus.google.com/u/0/collection/Y_6dIE"
is this a remake? theres a dunkirk film of 1958
Dunkirk... or Brexit as it's now known.
click here to watch???€??????€???cinemamega,net/movie/EdZlKKxp-dunkirk-2017.html
Gene g????zel ????vm???????? amargialilar filmlerinde
I just watched the movie yesterday and it's AMAZING!!!
On a serious note, one of the best movies ever? Would say so.
What a stupid movie. ..ppl don't waste 103 min of your life on this crap!!!
"""We can practically see it from here""
 ""What""
 The OSCAR"
"I watched Dunkirk last night, Chistopher Nolan is the God of Film Making, period ! The details, beat after beat after beat also the Time Frames between every scene I mean, like a God.

 Best Movie of the Year as well <3"
????????????????????????????????I love it ????????????????????????????????
Saw it. Not a great film with 3 nice stories melted in one. Britcentric till ridicule and cheap a bit ( mostly when it came about the beach views)
Grandad seen this but it was live
Kind of disappointed... expected it to be as great as his last two movies. It wasn't. Hans made the movie 20 times better than it was.
The trailer itself give shivers
Oh my god it looks incredible
Is there any website where I can watch this online??? Without registration and that kind of stuff? I just don't trust pages where I have to registrate.... :(
Wow you guys. This movie was absolutely brilliant. Check out my review on https://writtrace.wordpress.com/2017/07/24/dunkirk-review/ and feel free to disagree. I dare you.
This movie is so fucking intense!!
Thank God for Christopher Nolan
"Interstellar, Inception, The Dark Knight Trilogy, The Prestige, Memento, Insomnia.

 I was so afraid this movie would be the one to break his chain of success, because who could possibly keep making great movies back to back?

 Well apparently Christopher Nolan can. I've seen Dunkirk 3 times already and trust me, it is the most beautiful movie I've ever seen in my life. I thought Interstellar was the height in terms of cinematography, but Nolan proved me so wrong. The shots are hauntingly beautiful and the movie made me tear up. If the Oscars, ONCE AGAIN, ignores this masterpiece, we all know it doesn't deserve Nolan."
bout to watch this rn!
another propaganda film
watch yesterday was amazing??????????????????
Anyone know what the music at 1:30 is? Doesn't show up in the movie and it's not in the soundtrack.
Jesus fucking Christ. Yes, the French do show up and are mentioned in the fucking film. How are people so retarded that they whine about not seeing something in 2 minutes of a film that's over an hour and a half long.
The French as an independent state with a fully functioning entertainment industry should feel free to make their own films about the British evacuation at Dunkerque if they feel so hard done by. But - Anglo money Anglo actors, that's how it goes. British audiences don't speak French and didn't go to watch a French film.
Britain's leaders made a dozen crucial errors even before the war. First, they let Hitler bite a chunk out of Czecheslovakia. Then they placed the entire British army behind the Manginot Line. Then they left Malta and Egypt with virtually no air defense. My hat's off to all those fishing boat captains who took the risk.
This movie was incredibly dull, felt like a documentary without commentary.
The actual movie was insanely awesome.
More hacksawrdge
Go see it. Do it pussy, you won't.
Respect, For those who died alone.
Why are there so many angry French people in the comments
Those beautiful, unknown, everyday heroes.
One of his weakest films, not saying it's bad. Just didn't feel like him
Now I'm just waiting for a good war film on the Soviet perspective.
I have watched this twice and I'm still hyped for the third soon! Tom Hardy nailed it. IMO i love this more than any other nolan's movies. Easily understood and action-packed. He is so brilliant playing with time and combining all scenes into one story like damn, i love him
Es july 23 y a????n la estoy esperando :"""v
Liberal outrage machine is apparently offended that there are not enough women or ethnically diverse actors in leading roles.
little known fact the Germans could have finished them off the German panzer officer chose to rest his men and tanks after chasing the brits for three days straight it wasn't because of the French or any other way just like Hitler couldn't bring himself to finish off the British why? because he liked them to much what a cock
My new favorite film
The movie failed to mention the 10s of thousand of Canadians chezslovakian and Belgium marines at Dunkirk.
What's the song that comes on at the 1:30 mark?
name of the song?
Just watched the movie it was great, would recommend to anyone looking for a movie to go to.
I am dying to watch Nolan's magic again, When will this movie be released?
Cillian murphy?? Ill definitely watch it ????????????????????????
After watching this film I honestly think it deserves oscars in achievement in sound editing, original score and possibly, just possibly best picture (but obviously this could change as awards season is months and months away)
I'm gonna be honest with you, I think the trailer was better than the movie.
"This movie is just ALLY (my note- ALL-LIES) WWII propaganda to smear more mud on the dignity of Germans and paint them as ""evil"".

 Come visit the channel 'The Impartial Truth' and watch 'the video Adolf Hitler: A Last Appeal To Reason'.

 Adolf Hitler allowed the Allied soldiers to leave Dunkirk when he could have decimated them as a gesture for peace

 8:57 of mentioned video:

 ""As a show of good faith, and over the objections of his own Generals, Hitler allows the trapped Allied forces to escape untouched from the beaches of Dunkirk (France). Hitler hopes that this gracious act will make the British more willing to make peace."""
PHENOMENAL MOVIE
Boycott these Hollywood productions that don't tell the true historical story.
What a fucking film...
Looks like the sexiest movie ever..
So how was it everyone?!
just saw this film, and it stayed with me well after leaving the theater, can't help but think of all of those poor young soldiers that lost their lives in that war. RIP
Wow. YouTube has always bitched about how every WWII movie was American propaganda and glorifies Americans. Now we have a war movie that's about the British, and people are bitching because of the lack of French? Grow the fuck up.
Everyone else is talking about Christopher Nolan but I'm only here to se harry styles
Guys who disliked this video, please can you tell me why?
One of the most disappointing movies I've seen in a long time. I was so hyped to see this, but when I realized how thin this movie really is, I just got sad
Just saw list last night and I cannot recommend it enough, harrowing yet thrilling. Makes you realise the sheer bravery of those who fought and continue to fight in wars! Brilliant film..
Just back from seeing this - the critics are spot on. It's a masterpiece. My heart was thumping through out most of it. It's so intense.
"Denn es ist ja klar: das deutsche Volk empfand keinen Ha???? weder gegen Engl????nder noch gegen Franzosen. Das franz????sische Volk, das englische Volk - das deutsche Volk wollte mit ihnen ja nun in Frieden und in Freundschaft leben. Es hat Forderungen, die diesen V????lkern ja auch nicht weh tun, die den V????lkern gar nichts nehmen. Das deutsche Volk ist daher auch nie zur Feindschaft erzogen worden. Da begann man in England nun von gewissen Kreisen aus mit dieser impertinenten unertr????glichen Hieben. Und da kam der Augenblick, wo ich mir sagen mu????te: Ich kann nun nicht mehr zusehen, sondern ich mu???? diese Hetze jetzt beantworten. Denn wir erziehen das deutsche Volk in keinem Ha???? gegen????ber dem englischen. Wir erziehen es in keinem Ha???? gegen????ber dem franz????sischen, w????hrend in England und in Frankreich die Hetzer Tag f????r Tag in der Presse und in den Versammlungen das britische und das franz????sische Volk in Wei????glut bringen gegen????ber dem deutschen!
  Eines Tages werden die Hetzer die Regierung sein. Dann werden sie ihre Pl????ne verwirklichen, und das deutsche Volk wird ????berhaupt nicht wissen, wieso das nun kommt. So gab ich den Befehl, nunmehr das deutsche Volk ????ber diese Hetze aufzukl????ren. Aber ich war von diesem Augenblick an auch entschlossen, wenn notwendig, die Verteidigung des Reiches so oder so sicherzustellen.

  1939 haben nun diese Westm????chte die Maske fallen lassen; sie haben Deutschland die Kriegserkl????rung geschickt, trotz all unserer Versuche, trotz unseres Entgegenkommens. Sie geben es heute ganz ungeniert selber zu: Jawohl, Polen h????tte wahrscheinlich eingewilligt, aber das wollten wir nicht. - Sie geben es heute zu, da???? es m????glich gewesen w????re, leicht eine Verst????ndigung herbeizuf????hren. Aber sie wollten das nicht. Sie wollten den Krieg. Gut denn!!!! Das haben mir einst meine inneren Gegner auch gesagt. Ich habe ihnen auch so oft die Hand gegeben. Sie haben sie zur????ckgesto????en. Sie schrien auch: Nein, nicht Vers????hnung, nicht Verst????ndigung, sondern Kampf! - GUT, SIE HABEN DEN KAMPF BEKOMMEN! Und ich kann Frankreich und England nur sagen: Auch sie werden den Kampf bekommen!!!"
dialogues very hard to follow
What a colossal cinematic disaster!! I want my money back! I got suckered in by the promo marketing hype, even the famous actors' performance were flat, boring, cliche, lacking depth or complexity, plus the dialogues are simply dumb and corny, it was under-dramatic, under-actioned, under-emotional, and just plain lame and uninteresting to any degree, I nearly fell asleep more than once! It seems there's plenty online concensus this movie really sucked! Don't waste your money or your time or your patience on this.
Just saw this and it was excellent. I recommend seeing it in imax. The sound effects are exceptional
This is PORN
I grow tired of the same formula.
Just because the movie doesn't focus on every aspect of what happened at Dunkirk doesn't make it historically inaccurate.
I watched this in the cinema earlier today, for some reason it made me so nervous and stressed that I say there crying and hitting my head. It is just so emotional and real.
amazing movie
Excellent film indeed.
Who spotted Harry styles in that
Best movie I've ever seen!!
1:30 what's the song ?
It's crap!
good movie but not wt I've expected.
"Not a fan of this movie. Too lazy in an historical point of view. Actually i found the reality far much better in an epic way. Dunkirk it is not only the beach but also the city under the bombs (almost destroyed), the civilians trapped and scared, the ones who fought at the border knowing probably they were gonna die, the germans who were too close, the ones on the beach waiting and getting on the nerves, the ones who are coming to save them and afraid to be too late, the ones who decided the operation dynamo.
 At that moment, during few days, dunkirk is really the end of a world, it is the end of Europe as we used to know, it is doomsday. But there was also hope, it brought faith to the future. The present was done, we had to fight for future, so we had to save many as we can. And the ones at the border were fighting for that. And the ones on the boats were coming for that. Dunkirk is a miracle because of all those actions, because so many did what they had to do, soldiers, civilians, just humans but good ones.
 I was certain Nolan could do with all of these, but no. He choose the artistical point of view ( and he did well) above history. And doing so, i think he choose facility as we already know his genius as a director. (telling such a story as dunkirk it must be really difficult but also really exciting for an artist, so i am disapointed).
 And for all these reasons, Nolan should have call his movie "" dynamo"" (for the operation) not dunkirk.
 (And be kind for my english, please, as it is not my native language)."
Tic tok tic tok ?????€????????????????€????????????????€???????????great movie
More like DUNGkirk. What even happened in this movie?
I've just been to seen this movie and well, the fact I'm watching the trailer again must indicate something to you all right? Absolute must see, amazing.
Just saw this movie. Honestly was bored, and it even had (not sure if its movie related or theater related) anti-trump propaganda right before it started. SMH I want to see a movie, not fucking politics.
This movie is fucking amazing
Go see this movie.
WORST WAR MOVIE IVE SEEN WAIT TILL ITS ON NETFLIX OR REDBOX
This was such an amazing movie
This movie was terrible.
Just saw it. It' tension from start to finish. It also show the chaos and horrors of war.
Finally a Movie that end's with a german Victory. Thank u.
"This movie isnt historically accurate. There isn't one Indian soldier in the entire trailer considering more 2.3 million fought in the war under British Raj ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-33105898 ) .....one million Indians lost their lives .
 http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-33105898"
Just watched this.. it's a must see at the cinema.. brilliant film!
Oscar candidate
Nice movie, really enjoyed it and im quite critical usual
I'd like to see a movie about the First Battle of Dunkirk on 14 June 1658, during "La Grande Siecle," when the Franco-Cromwellian army under the Viscomte de Turrene defeated the Spanish and Royal English , especially the famous cavalry charges of the Duke of York and Castleneau along the beach.
Apparently a lot of people didn't like Dunkirk because it didn't have enough guns and explosions for their simple minds. Used to watching all those Marvel comic book characters I guess.
just watched it..........wish I had not and saved my money.......just not very good
"Battle of Dunkirk filmed by an english with hollywood money.
 Well, f**k off with your propagandist lecture of history.
 I clearly won't pay for this sh*t"
?????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€??????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€??????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ bitly.im/Watch-Download-Dunkirk-2017-FuII-HD-Movie ]
There's a lot of God bless the French going on here so let's just be clear. Are they under represented? Yes. Should they be remembered for their bravery, maybe. But let's not forget the French also stuck us with the Somme, the hardest bit of the line in World War 1 so that we would commit as many troops to the war effort as possible. In doing so we had 20,000 fatalities in the first day and 40,000 seriously wounded. That's just day one, not even the extended time we were there. Put that in context around 8,000 people died during the course of the Iraq war. So before we start going all hail the French they did nearly wipe out an entire generation of English just because they could. So thank you for your help, still not forgiven.
Just seen the movie. It was so intense and brilliant.
The fillm is about Brits winning the war by running from Germany and hiding on the island. 11 million Soviet soldiers and 10 million Soviet civilians died for nothing. Though they killed 9 million of German soldiers. Their entire army by the way. But you can't compare that to what Brits did and be serious. Real heroes. Saved us all
"Where we going?

 Dunkin Donuts."
Ive just seen this earlier today and its bloody brilliant,recommended
Where are all the black women though? I mean Call of Duty, a very realistic depiction, said that there were black women fighting, so why didn't the racist sexist bigots here include it!?
Fuck Britain
Just stepped out of the theater best war movie I've ever seen
Nice
This movie was ok. Hardly any shots fired disappointed by the action. I thought they'd have more fighting as they try to escape but no... only good thing about it was the sound and picture in Imax.
Hit like if you watched this for Harry.
Sa
Movie was trash
Hitler did not want war, and this is why the British army was not obliterated in Dunkirk... Had he a glass ball to look through at this the time, perhaps he would have, and we would be living in a post Nazi victory world today.
wish I could find the track starting from 1:28
you know you have to watch it when the fooking Peaky Blinders involved!
Ok let's play battlefield 1
This has been for me the greatest war movie I have seen yet, no other movie has frightened me so much as this one, I can still hear the bombs exploding on the beach and the atrocious sound of the enemy planes approaching. It put me on that beach along those soldiers, nothing else was needed to tell this story. What do you think about this?
today i saw this movie, great movie, so touching!
Hitler actually allowed the British three days in order to retreat. He never inteneded to fight England and humilitated them regretablly. Ever wonder why the British are retreating in Merchant ships and civilian vessels. Don't believe the WW2 fake news. Don't blame the Germans, blame the ruling classes and the (((bankers))) that did a deal with the devil that sold out the english people and lied to the world.
We all know the French are pussies
Run, don't walk, to see this. It's already a classic like Private Ryan or The Longest Day
This movie is quite a historically accurate depiction of how hundreds of thousands of lives were lost fighting the war, yet the sjws are complaining that there aren't enough mixed race and female characters
saw this movie last night. hands down some of the most intense, heart wrenching moments from beginning to end. A masterpiece. thank god Nolan is alive
The best movie for 2017. Hands down
my grandad was actually there during ww2
Saw this today, it was amazing.
Searches for random War Thunder comment
SHUT UP ABOUT THE FRENCH, THEY ARE IN THE FILM FFS.
the movie hasn't lived up to the hype
Bunlar bir ???€?anakkale sava????????n???? ????????renseler ... bunlar yan????nda hi???? :D
Harry ???????????????????????????????????????
90% of the comments are complaining about the missing 40k French soldiers who defended the British. Guys, this movie is about the British soldiers. Just by not mentioning the French it doesn't change historical facts, there just not part of the movie. This isn't about correctly showing what happened at Dunkirk, this is about showing humans wanting to SURVIVE.
Harry Styles! I want to be a mermaid and to save you... D.
the dumbest part in the movie was the whole transaction between cillian murphy pushing the other boy down like 3 stairs and killing him. it was fucking laughable and such a poor portrayal of PTSD. The guy shoved him down the stairs with his backhand and the little tap would not even be enough force for him to fall down the stairs. Plus, Cillian Murphy was like 5'1 in the movie.
I did not enjoy this movie one bit :/
"ALL been done before MUCH BETTER,
  all they can do today in the film indudtry is copy historical events and classic films made DECADES ago, pathetic stupid C,G,I, overpowers everything ALL the best books have been written, ther best films made and the best song's sung s waste of time this stuff."
"Fucking hell, man. Everyone's getting triggered over the fact that the movie wasn't focused on the French being badass superheroes saving everyone's sorry asses.

 This film was about the endless paranoia and panic the British had to endure while attempting to leave, it wasn't about the French badasses taking down 20 men.

 Yes, the French defended them. They said it in the movie. You can stop."
For Queen and Country
This film is portrayed about human being. No one is a WAR HERO.
After watching the trailer, am not interested in Going to Cinema to watch it!!! This is not my type of movie to watch.
So will the Brexit eventually take place after this movie....??
"DUNKIRK the masterpiece????????
 it deserves more than 3 Oscars ????????????????"
"Movie name-xyz
 Filmaker-christopher nolan
 Me-oh its going to be amazing ?????????"
Just watched.. Nolan with hans zimmer will keep you glued to screen.. Watched it Dolby atmos so sound effects was incredible... ?????€???
Getting ready to see this today at 2:00 PM. SO HYPED
If you're going to watch 1 movie on the cinema you better watch this one!!!!!!! I saw it yesterday and it was really good quality
Just saw it, it's wildly overrated! C+
Hope to get out and see this soon, appreciate the comments re the French guarding the retreat, but they were not alone. Let's hope Nolan has also not forgotten the Scots of the 51st Highland Division who protected the evacuation, and were taken prisoner at St Valery. Bydand!
I just watched this movie today, and I can say Harry's acting is better than the main character, so ppl don't judge first, before you see it by yourself. No offense, just my opinion. ??????????????
Hey look it's harry styles!
THE LOUDEST MOVIE IVE EVER SEEN
This movie made me cry THANK U Hans Zimmer
Movie buff, favorite past time, have seen sooooooo many - this was brilliant. One that you think about for days after- fucking amazing!
Pretty boring movie by Nolan's standard. Don't watch the trailer and assume the movie has plenty of action because there is almost none and you will waste your money
HARRY'S ACTING WAS SOOOOO PROFESSIONAL????????????????????????????????
When you are watching Dunkirk, just remember what the hard time went through Europe in the past, during WW II. Do not ever allow to happen it again because right now Europe is near to another disaster leaded by rich hungry bastards, just look around in your country and look with open eyes. Be a guardian of Europe, your European NATIONALITY, YOUR TRADITION, YOUR LANGUAGE, YOUR UNIQUE HUMANITY IN YOUR COUNTRY. Do not allow to be devastated European values what were built by hands of your parents and grandparents
Just saw this money a few hours ago. Was expecting more French nazi action. Mostly naval airship gunship.. still good movie. Strong emotions are present in the begging when bombs begin to drop on soldiers.. probably the best part. Best part about it.... Met an old granny lady who came by her self to the theater, she said her husband escaped dudnkirk.. there were a lot of old white people.. probably all relatives..
"THOUSANDS OF INDIANS FOUGHT AT DUNKIRK... THIS BLOGSITE WAS THE FIRST TO RECORD THAT INDIANS FOUGHT IN WW1 AND WW2 ... THIS IS A FEATHER IN THE CAP OF THIS BLOGSITE..

 LATER WIKIPEDIA ACKNOWLEDGED IT..

 Gandhi recruited 13 lakh ( 1.3 million ) Indian soldiers in the first world war ??????€? out of which 111000 ( 1.11 lakh ) Indian soldiers were killed ...

 Gandhi recruited 25 lakh ( 2.5 million ) Indian soldiers in the second World war. Out of this 243000 ( 2.43 lakh) soldiers were killed...

 QUOTE : ""There were no Pakis at Dunkirk,"" the late Bernard Manning had once remarked on the Mrs Merton Show, a BBC TV show during the 1990s. The British comedian had continued with his verbal assault by claiming that there were ""no Pakis"" (read Indians) at Anzio, Arnhem or Monte Cassino - all famous World War II battles.:UNQUOTE

 WHITE BASTARD MANNING MUST KNOW THAT THOSE DAYS PAKISTAN WAS PART OF INDIA..

 THE WHITE MAN WAS A COWARD ... HE WOULD ONLY SHOOT FROM FAR --FROM SAFE PLACES.. WHEN IT CAME TO SWORDS/ LANCETS/ BAYONETS IN TRENCHES --IT WAS ALWAYS THE BRAVE INDIAN SOLDIER..

 More than 14, 500 Indian soldiers were killed ( wounded NOT counted ) during the Dunkirk battle ..

 Indian soldiers were widely photographed and respected for the bravery and discipline shown at Dunkirk. Today those photos taken in June 1940 have been sunk.

 Christopher Nolan????????s Dunkirk will be the most widely seen or read depiction of history released in 2017 -- this blogsite will write his legacy.

 I HAVE NOT SEEN THIS MOVIE ""DUNKIRK"" YET

 THIS BLOGSITE WILL NOT ALLOW COWARDLY BRITISH / FRENCH / CANADIAN / POLISH/ BELGIAN SOLDIERS TO CORNER ALL GLORY

 WINSTON CHURCHILL WAS A JEW WITH ROTHSCHILD BLOOD. THIS BLOGSITE HAS ALREADY WRITTEN HIS LEGACY..

 CHURCHILL , BR AMBEDKAR AND GANDHI DID NOT WANT THE PARTICIPATION OF INDIAN SOLDIERS TO BE PUBLICISED.

 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com/2015/10/the-only-dalit-freemason-of-india-capt.html

 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com/2011/07/winston-churchill-henchman-or-hero-capt.html

 Around 40,000 ""British troops"" ( sic) never made it back across the Channel and became POWs.. Many of those ended up having to endure forced marches into Germany and served as slave labour for the Nazis-- working in mines .

 The phrase ???????Dunkirk spirit??????? has since become part of the language used to toast WHITE people who pull together in a time of adversity.

 BALLS TO THE LYING WHITE MAN-- BASTARDS --NEVER RECORDED HOW INDIAN SOLDIERS WERE ABANDONED BY EXTREME DECEIT AFTER SPILLING THEIR BLOOD AND FIGHTING THIER GUTS OUT

 Sir Paddy Ashdown wrote how his father was court martialed by Churchill for NOT abandoning his Indian troops when ordered during Dunkirk retreat (Royal Indian Army Service Corps, Punjab division )

 21,000 INDIAN SOLDIERS WERE EATEN FOR DINNER AT RABAUL ISLAND BY JAPANESE . THIS BLOGSITE EXHUMED THIS BURIED TRUTH

 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com/2011/08/netaji-subhash-chandra-bose-untold.html


 capt ajit vadakayil
 .."
So this is the british version of Hacksaw Ridge? :/
boring movie shouldve watched spiderman
"Spoiler






 It was a fucking good movie"
Excellent Movie.
This film was truly incredible
most powerful war film I have seen since Platoon. Who is acting in it does not matter. The situation is the main character. Go see this movie.
fucking great movie, but you need to see it the right way. apparently there's like 6 different ways to screen it. for me, the movie went from full screen to wide screen every other scene and it really took me out of it.
Does Nolan by any chance have a 10-year old daughter who is a one direction fan?
There are Christopher Nolan movies, and there are Christopher Nolan movies with Hans Zimmer. You know in your heart what the difference is.
The trailer is better than the movie duh
Just saw this today and was fucking amazing in IMAX with the bigger sound system and screen worth every penny. 10/10
As a huge Nolan fan and WW2 historian I can't begin to tell you how disappointed I am in this film. It took a major historical event laden with drama and turned it into a clown show. I've never seen a historical thriller turn a series of events that WE KNOW happened and make it utterly unbelievable. It didn't have to have composite characters created to add more drama: The drama is already there. So let me get this straight: The main character is the only one of six people to escape German machine gun fire in the streets of Dunkirk, then almost sneaks onto a boat (which then sinks), then tricks leadership into letting him onto another boat (which is torpedoed and then sinks), then sneakily grabs onto another boat to get taken to shore, then sneaks into the hull of another empty boat on the beach that - despite being full of bullet holes - is magically able to make it out to sea, but ultimately sinks next to another boat that is also sinking, only to be fortuitous enough to get picked up by a small passenger boat in the area that also managed to pick up a crashed RAF pilot and the only survivor of a torpedoed destroyer. Whoa, that is a lot of boats and one hell of a day! Saving Private Ryan did a great job of telling a fictional story that is believable; this tells a "true" story that is completely unbelievable. Great action sequences, great music, great cinematography...awful story. I hate that I hate this movie, drove 3 hours to see it in IMAX too.
"THIS FILM IS AMAZING< ONLY WATCH IT IN IMAX. So you can feel the floor rumbling!

 Harry Styles is actually very good in his role, which surprised me as well."
Great, another WWII movie, just what we need...are there no new stories? Well made or not, please let's move on.
Saw it today. Really good ! Intense ..dramatic.. yet very little dialogue. Not gory either.
Speedy didnt like this movie
"I find it funny how angry people are that the French are less portrayed than the Brits, they're portrayed as villains, etc.
 [Spoilers]
 One of the main characters is French. And if there were proportionally less Frenchmen than Brits on the Dunkirk beaches, then there will be proportionally less Frenchmen than Brits in the movie.
 In addition, the movie portrayed the British as pissed off at the French for surrendering. To them, they were stuck in that position because of the French. That doesn't mean the movie hates the French. The movie painted the French in a very sympathetic light.
 The movie glossed over the fact that it was the French that was defending the beaches because the point of the movie wasn't about the French defending the beaches, the point of the movie was about the heroism and sacrifices the rescuers made to rescue those at Dunkirk."
Finally been waitimg for an World War history movies
I watch this movie full
It is actually an overrated film ??????€? not Nolan's best, and certainly not one of the best war films ever made. Its fans will probably say that those who dislike it can't handle nonlinear narrative films, but that's not the problem; the problem is poor character writing. Don't expect another Memento or Inception, because Nolan simply didn't push himself very hard this time around.
"Just got back from the Theater, movie was a huge let down.
 Cinematography was on point, dogfights were inaccurate, the scale was way off, the soundtrack was playing in the foreground rather than the back ground.

 He showed the beach at Dunkirk as a beautiful pristine beach with a couple of hundred men instead of a few hundred thousand. Once the civilian boats and ships arrived he perhaps showed 12 or so.

 The Luftwaffe was displayed in few and laughably unskilled numbers.

 For someone who knows nothing of war or history, this will be a ""masterpiece"".
 Otherwise stay far away."
If you came to see a movie about French troops saving the Brits at Dunkirk, this is not the film for you.
Nolan's another masterpiece.
Don't waste your money seeing it. No historical effort, sound track is too load, no real effort to stick to fact. A real fuckin waste of $30
"stop haTing ,, and #lovelouder






 any #spnfamily here ?"
I saw it in 70mm in Washington D.C yesterday. It was good movie.
Harry styles ??????????????????????????????????
What a great film I advise taking a hip flask with you.. talk about intense and then some
why did they all stand there like retards on the open beach isn't of just hiding in the houses and waiting for the boats to come?
1:04 german Focke-Wulf FW 190
A glorified retreat and not that significant compared to the battle of stalingrad and overall contribution of Russia but yet again they are overlooked and ignored. pathetic.
Just saw it in full IMAX in London. Unreal.
Am I the only one that wants to watch this because Harry Styles is in it also because it looks interesting
I saw this today - best film I have see this year.
this is a crap movie where the usual hysteria abounds pre- and upon release... you will see this for 20 pence in Cash Convertors in 2 years time..... go watch The Deer Hunter if you want a human experience of WAR. This bullshit is a sick joke4$ . PEACE
Movie was great
"Jeremy Jahns apparently didn't like it much so I went in thinking ""shoot I hope it isn't as bad as he said it was.""
 I was not disappointed at all. This movie was great."
Harryyyyyyy ????????????????????????????????????
I went to see this movie last night, its not that interesting and I didnt like it at all
This is a good movie and pretty accurate but I see sjws complaining once again saying there is no coloured actors or women Umm since this is based on historical events why would there be black men or women troops their wouldn't have a look back at 1940 when this is based and see if there was black British troops you won't find one so stfu you lil cry babies
I don't understand. Why isn't the evacuation of Dunkirk being lead by a disabled black lesbian? #DunkirkSoWhite
;the most defunct ,desecrated ,dumbest and dullest remake of the 1958 classic ever ,I felt embarrassed for Hollywood and particularly Hans Zimmer who has recorded the most incoherent and inconsistent musical score for a drama that denies itself from happening and all the intellect about the SeIgfred line ,Maginott line and the blunders of Chamberlain govt, highlighted in the 58 version deleted by Hollywood an !emotionally dead and almost vapid plane ride like in Disneyland than the horrid defeat that was made a moral triumph by the great british people and the 1958 version is 100 fold better in portraying that fact ,in fact the 15 minutes of the Dunkirk sequence in Atonement is a masterpiece compared to this shell shocked disaster like its damned characters !
AMAZING movie! Definitely buying it when it comes out.
Let us not forget 'Band of Brothers' (2001), a masterful 10-part series production from Speilberg-Hanks et al (six-directors) for Dreamworks, not made for the big screen but in no way any less realistic, complex or engaging, adapted from the Stephen Ambrose book about the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 101st Airborne.
Messerschmitt Me-109s obviously without the Daimler Benz engines as were used in this event spoil it for me.
omg, anyone complaining about the lack of french troops shown missed the point of the film entirely.
For anybody wondering about the French soldiers, yes they are represented. They are seen holding the line at the start of the film, and are mentioned from time to time in regards to how well they're holding it. While the focus of the film is on the British soldiers, I'd say the French are properly represented.
I came here for reviews because I haven't watched it yet... But any of you who had watched it, HOW WAS IT?! because I'm really looking forward to it! help a nig out lol...
does anybody know what the music in the background is?
"Harry I love You
 #ILOVEHARRY"
"I am so disappointed about chris the movie is too boring even mom and my brothers sleep in the movie i will give it
 6/10. 3 points for tom hardy and 3 for hans zimmer and that's it thank you all"
My granddad was in Dunkirk, and made it home unharmed but now this film putting it in light how horrific it was, makes you feel for how it was.
First off I thought the movie will be marginal, now it's the greatest movie I've ever seen
Harry styles did really good acting actually but omg his character is a fucking cunt
I didn't enjoy this film. I understand the direction Nolan wished to take with the lack of character development but I left feeling totally empty. If you wanted to merely display the true empty nature of war you should have made a documentary, not a drama.
No closed caption subtitles available
Movie was terrible.
Fuck the British ???????€?
This movie was incredible! I applaud your work, Mr. Nolan.
saw this movie today and it was great!
just saw it....one word......WOW
to anyone who is unsure if you want to watch this film. go do it. last time i felt so great over watching a movie was when i saw interstellar
amazing movie!!
Harry Styles did a fine job in the film. Now, stop worrying about one kid's role and go enjoy the film for the masterpiece it is.
Come to watch trailer after cinema time
I don't understand what do people have against Harry? I think he could play a very good WW2 soldier. Young, childish, innocent man sent abroad to war. Can't wait to see this movie. Has someone already seen it, how was it?
I have watched the film and would just like to mention that it mainly revolves around the British..... doesn't really show the efforts of the French to save the retreating British troops but nonetheless it's a great film so if you're disappointed that it doesn't appreciate the struggle of the French....just treat it as if it was a fiction movie....please do not look for historical or factual accuracy and just enjoy the film
Most boring movie ever i literally slept in the cinema during this
Watch this movie today in PVR feel's like i am not watching nolan movie at all highly overrated and disappointed. I am nolan bigest fan from movie memento but the one movie is not upto the mark in his carrer is Dunkirk.
I just came back from the cinema ... HOLY SHIT ... this movie is do good ! Pure realism.
"https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1437449392986781&id=757440877654306
 History hit"
Okay i will install it again goddamit War thunder
1:28 that music makes you feel like you are about to watch a master class from christopher nolan
"Yay... another shit WW2 movie totally snubbing the concept that there are plenty of heartfelt sentimental stuff on the axis side to. :/ Hopefully at the very least there won't be any stateside chaps to ruin this film at the least with laughably over-glorified american bullshit.

 Also where the fuck is my man with the bow and claymore? Now that is the absolute totally utterly completely perfect british man to showcase from WW2. That man's balls were so huge I'm surprised he made it up the beach and survived the war."
Seen it. Didn't feel like a movie at all. Seen fan made YouTube videos more entertaining than this. Hard to believe this is the same director of the dark knight series. I must be missing something since reviews are so good. Perhaps I should have been high. Overall one of the worst if not the worst movie I've ever seen in a long time.
11k, 16k or 40 thousand. first decide how many of French soldiers died in Dunkirk. (to people in comment)
esa pel????cula se va a volver famosa por Harry Styles XD
Better watch the movie.... the trailer didn't showed anything..
Harry Styles is Hitler
This is an awesome movie LOVED IT????????????????????????
I'm seeing this movie today????????€????????€?
great trailer!
Historically inaccurate
Just watched this phenomenal movie last night. And it's truly a tragic movie to know all those men waited for so long, committing suicide, dying from bombers, drowning to sinking boats, etc. I highly recommend this movie to anyone. This is not your typical war movie. Do not expect gun battles, foot soldiers killing each other, no. This is a story, and a moving film that enlightens us all of how war is such a high burden to bear.
Impressive Look of History
"One of the worst among all the Nolan's movies.
 The overall feeling does not reflect what the critics, in which majority are highly appraise about this movie.
 Don't just worship to anything just because these are the Nolan's works. As for me this is the most disappointed movie of all time and not worth it."
I don't think this event really shaped our world, may be this shit trailer but not the world.
Kys
This sucked so much ass, I can't believe it was signed off on, WTF! If it was aiming for a bit of 'Thin Red Line' feels it failed abysmally.
Ok im 16 watched this and do not recommend people who like watching hyphy movies to watch. half the cinema fell asleep was pre boring movie honestly
What's the music at 1:29 ???
omfg Harry styles Play a Little role in this movie
Hey guys. Spot Professor Lockart!
"Just like Eames single-handedly carried the team and Cobb stole the credit
 Just like Bane single-handedly destroyed Gotham and Talia Al-Ghul stole the credit
 Farrier single-handedly saves at least 200000 people at Dunkirk, but Harry Styles and Fionn Whitehead are celebrated as heroes while the main hero is caught by the Germans.
 Tom Hardy is the real hero :')"
this movie was so disrespectful to the soldiers. it was like a fucking comedy. i had a fun time laughing at the retarded fictional characters on screen. way to go and offend every veteran of every nation Nolan.
1:31 song? please!
"It might contribute to the debate regarding shared protagonism in the evacuation efforts to give a read to the events described in the Encyclopaedia Britannica:
 https://www.britannica.com/event/Dunkirk-evacuation"
Harry stiles ply on it
Why am I watching this trailer when I saw the movie yersterday?
another boring artsy film a bout war ?! PASS !!!
Perfect film but havent got a much diologs
fucking I'll never forget that movie
Shitty movie from great director.
All the sacrifices made, brave heroes fought and died to keep us free. Now we are being invaded by Islam, and we do nothing.
Yea, thanks to the Soviets the UK is still alive... Around 80-85% of Nazi forces were on the Eastern front!
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ bitly.im/Watch-Download-Dunkirk-2017-FuII-HD-Movie ]
BEST film i've seen in forever. go see it and in IMAX. lol
Just so some of these French faggots know, Hitler stopped his attack on dunkirk and let the British escape because he wanted to make peace with the allies!
Why NAZI didnt wipe out them in Dunkirk?
The movie was so good!! Harry was too
Not as good as Interstellar, Inception, Dark Knight + Rises. But still a outstanding blast of a movie. Too realistic for rotten tomatoes.
Do not destroy this world. It gave us food to eat and air to breathe. Also, people like Matthew McConaughey and Christopher Nolan.
If those brave souls could see London now they would say "what happened, we gave our life for this "?
Name of background music?
While the film itself looks interesting, I have to say I'm especially interested in mr Zimmer's soundtrack. Damn, he always manages to deliver!
400,000 Soldiers.. Ran away? Bloody fight till death !
Shit movie
Gita
In future war, it will be german fascist muslims attackers? Inspiration for scifi war movie.
See Saving Private Ryan , Platoon , Black Hawk Down , Thin Red Line, and Deer Hunter before you assess Dunkirk as a war film.
Around 0:51 there is a sound most will recognize from Man of Steel.
What's the soundtrack for this particular song that is played for the trailer. Like what's it called. I have the full soundtrack but I can't find this one anywhere. Also, just watched the movie and I LOVE IT SO SO SO MUCH
Swashbuckling rescue.
ah kecewa banget nonton film ini, jelek banget gak ada gregetnya
Best film i have ever seen, Christopher Nolan never disappoints. Harry was an amazing actor, get off his back people
Fuck this movie
I just saw it, it????????s now my favorite movie of all time
Horrible movie
Harry styles _
lol does anyone know the song at around 1:33? i don't think it's in the movie soundtrack.
Watched today. Can confirm the reviews. A+++
@Number Five its kinda the point. The real heroes are those who didnt pqnic and the boat men.
just saw the film...A-fucking-mazing! the best film of 2017 so far. its a masterpiece..this movie is moving in a way that is so very real and gripping without being over dramatized..best picture nominee at the Oscars for sure.
all you people who havent watch this movie should stick to watching the trailer only cause this movie sucks ASS , theres only 3 ongoing scene the whole fking movie , I give a big 0/10. I dont see anybody coming with a good review.
"I expected the film in a linear screenplay, but It was in Nolan's way of story telling.New way of presenting the World war 2........
 I waited for the music at 1:28 in the movie , I barely heard that."
"First of all,movie is not that good. Hacksaw Ridge is much,MUCH better.
 The enemy has no face ,you don't care for anyone there.

 Second,this only shows that english soldiers were cowards .They should have been crushed."
I'm deadass only watching this movie because of HARRY FUCKINGGG STYLES ???????€????????€????????€????????€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?
was actually a great movie
wak as movie
So how was the rating?
Iluminati
Just watched it. 4.5 out of 5 thumbs up
Reviews are out and the movie is amazing. In Nolan We Trust.
I'm just going to say this. If you want to be spoon fed don't watch this movie. If you want a war movie that breaks almost every war movie convention and is a bit avant-garde while making you think then this movie is for you. There is multiple timelines, minimal dialogue, no overdone action, tons of PRACTICAL effects, makes you think. Just saying if you are just a casual movie goer who wants a popcorn flick like hacksaw ridge or Saving Private Ryan this is not for you. Trying to help!
You need to see this in IMAX... the sound effects, the image, the intensity was nothing I have experienced before. 10/10 and all the complainers shoot Harry Styles being in this movie- the dialogue in this movie comes second, the rush and fate to get home comes first.
What is the name of the song that starts at 1:27?? Thanks!!
WW2 and Christopher Nolan - 2 of the greatest things that make movies.
Damn was this movie boring?? I fell asleep twice, had to get a cup of coffee midway through to finish the movie. Did anyone notice how little dialogue there was in the movie, it reminded me of the Revenant and I hated that movie too. This feels like one of those overly artsy movies that are too busy being profound they forget to be entertaining or stimulating.
if anyone is considering going to watch this movie do it. I'm a cinephile I've taken film classes I love movies so much and I'm critical of them and this movie blew me away everything about it was just intense and perfect
Fucking Brillaint
Movie of the whole freakin year right here. Here's a true war epic unlike that fraud War for the Planet of the Apes. Out freakin standing Nolan and all those involved in this film!
ewww!!, those bf109 with merlin engines... i prefer a cg one
"I definitely see Dunkirk winning best Motion Picture, Sound Mixing, Sound Editing, and best Cinematography at the Oscars HANDS DOWN! This is one of the most historic, important, and life changing events in human history.This story and event brings tears to my eyes because it truley is remarkable
  Dunkirk is a technical and visual masterpiece! Christopher Nolan delivers get again a stunning, beautiful, and groundbreaking spectacle that captivates and entuces you into this heartpounding world. This is one of the most gorgeous films ever made HANDS DOWN! And this will most certainly be used in future filmaking classes as a staple and classic in filmaking. The way the film is handled first of all is so raw and realistic! The film is shakey and mean, which provides the audience with a captivating and incredibly believable and lively perspective on the film, making them feel like they are in the horrific situation with the characters. The camera work is exceptionally vivid, clear, and wide making it easy to spot and distinct everything that is out on screen, such as the characters, action, shios, boats, planes, etc. There was not one moment in the film where I found it difficult to pinpoint details, even in the raw and chaotic sequences. There are a lot of beautiful, gorgeous, mind blowing, and powerful wide shots that are used in this, primarily because 70 + percent of the film was shot in Imax cameras. The wide range shots are some of the best I have ever seen..PERIOD! From the beaches, the cities, the ships, boats, sea, everything is shown so grand and beautiful, which really compliments and presents the incredible cinematography and spectacle this movie truley is. This movie is also 100 percent realistic. Real people, real planes, real boats, real ships, and real sea and ocean. In fact this movie was actually FILMED IN DUNKIRK! It all looks so amazing, and movies should take note of Christopher Nolans work here. However, to me where the camera work really shines and revolutionizes filmakimg today are the close quarter shots. Oh my God I have never been so allured, captured, invested, blown away, and grateful for camera work such as this! These close quarter shots grab, pull, and lure you into these scenes! My lord it was ju s incredible and I have never experienced anything like it before! Every time they paned into a character (s), boats, planes, ships, underwater, explosions etc, it was soooooo whiteknuckling and intense! It was done so old school but fresh and modern at the same time! I have no words to describe how brutal and intense it was when it was close quarters I really don't! You feel like you are struggling for survival with them and you yourself feel like you are in parell. Scenes and shots like these make you feel fear, anxiety, pain frustration, nervousness and hoplessness, and that just about sums up Dunkirk. When men are jumping into the water and swimming for their lives, bombs are dropping in every corner, ships are sinking, planes are up in the air fighting for their lives, people that are inside of a ship have no way out and are struggling to escape.....you feel like you are there with them every step of the way. This tells you how much of a technical triumph Dunkirk is, and it is all practical. This proves why practical effects, if done right, will always give you the best experience you will ever get, and this is one of it not the best technical film ever made.

  CONGRADULATIONS TO THE CAST OF DUNKIRK! WHAT AN AMAZING CAST! This is beautiful just beautiful! Thank you to every single one of these people involved in this incredible and beautiful project! Every single one of these incredibly talented people bonded together to give us sonething unlike anything we have ever seen before, and Iam not forgetting about the two amazing actors that are Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy who did an incredible job on this film! Ladies and Gentleman the incredible and heartpounding Dunkirk is one of the best experiences you will ever have! Words like thrilling, heartpounding, intense, emotional, suspensful and much more!
  This film is chaotic, white knuckling, exciting, incredible, mezmerizing, and beautiful are in my vocabulary! This is one of the best war films ever made, one of the best movies in years! Hell this might even be my favorite war film ever, or the best! I have to think about that for a while, but there is no doubt this is one of the best war films ever, and the best cinematic experience you have ever had, or ever will have. This a once in a lifetime experience, and it is something unlike anything you have ever seen before! Dunkirk is not just a film, but an event every movie lover, or person in general, needs to watch! Dunkirk is one of the best films in a long time. It is a triumph in every way possible! I LOVED DUNKIRK BEYOND BELIEF! This is my favorite film of the year and one of my favorite films of all time! It gave me the best movie and cinematic experience I ever had, and I will never forget watching this incredible film in Imax! Dunkirk is absolutely incredible, mesmerizing, beautiful, gorgeous, thrilling, dramatic, chaotic, powerful, unique, tense, grand, emotional and breathtaking! I hate it when you look foward to a film so much, you watch it, you love it and than it is gone. You can always watch it again, and I will certainly do so, but that first time is classic original, and treasurable. This is my most memorable movie experience ever. DUNKIRK WILL ALWAYS HOLD A PLACE IN MY HEART! THIS FILM BROUGHT ME INTO TEARS! I will never forget Dunkirk and the once in a lifetime experience I had watching this film. This is a masterpiece in my book. Christopher Nolan you did it again you Legend. One of the greatest filmakers in history, and the best filmakers around. And everyone do youselves a favor and WATCH THIS FIL. IN IMAX! IT IS WORTH IT TRUST ME! This movie is made for Imax, and you quickly realize this when you watch the movie. Iam telling you, if you want the best experience you have ever had, and want to watch Dunkirk, watch it in Imax, and be prepared to be bloooown out of the water! You will never forget it. I certainlly will not. Thank you all for giving us this beautiful art. This is the biggest movie event of the year everyone! HANDS DOWN THE BEST MOTION PICTURE OF THE YEAR!
 10/10 Masterpiece?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€??????€??????€??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€???????????
  ""When 400,000 men could not find home....Home found them.""
 Beautiful. Thank you to every single person who fought, struggled, swam, and gave their life and courage at Dunkirk. This is truley one of the most incredible and beautiful stories in history. I cannot even describe and fathom the amount of appreciation and love I have for the stories of Dunkirk. I will never forget this event. Whenever you are down, remember Dunkirk. A horrifying event I know. By there is always hope. There is always a way out. There is always........home. And if you don't go to it......home will always come to you??????"
The movie was good but wasn't the greatest. There was barely any talking just sound. And I could barley understand some of them with their thick accents lol. But it was good. Not the best ever tho
A+ Movie
Its sad to think that they didnt cast harry for his acting skills, but for his fame and they knew his in headlines all the time with the music and solo shit, so they just wanted the advertisement for the movie.
Depressing
as willie would say bonjourrrrr ya cheese eatin surrender monkeys ....
"Where are we going?

 To Dunkirk

 OH SHIT!!!

 Laughed at that one."
loved it. excellent acting. great casting. i'm going to see it again tomorrow!
I just saw it today,is awesome!
so seen the the movie, terrible
"I've seen it.
 It's really fucking good!!!"
fuckest film ever
It's a masterpiece and Harry styles does good. The best Nolan movie along with The Dark Night.
Heart pounding IMAX movie from start to finish!
one of the best movies. EVER.
Just got back from the matinee--left right after work--and even though the movie was good, it wasn't as good as I thought it would be. I'm a little letdown to be honest. Good acting, not one actor overshadowed the other in terms of screen time, Mark Rylance seemed to have the biggest role. I could have waited until the movie came to the $2 theater. A lot of the action seemed hard to follow; first it would be daytime, then night, then back to daytime w/the boats & airplanes, was unable to tell if it was the next day or day before, seemed kind of disjointed. Could hardly understand what the actors were saying most of the time because the musical score was louder. Not a bad movie--just not as good as i was expecting.
Is it really a tale of heroism when the Germans let them go? They could have easily killed them all, but Hitler wanted peace with Britain. Too bad fat, drunk, war-mongering Churchill disagreed. http://tomatobubble.com/dunkirk_movie_review.html
What is the song at 01:27
The best move this year
Saw this movie in cinema in 2.20:1 ratio. I do not recommend it as most cinema don't have 4K projectors and the movie end up being in a flat container!! Ruined the whole experience for me.
The French complain that they weren't represented well in this film, in that 35000 stood their ground while they covered for the retreating British. Yet looking at France today, they've voted in an extreme globalist nut job and rolled over to countless muslim refugees, only to turn their once great country into an unrecognizable 3rd world shit hole. Talk about choosing the wrong battles and not having your priorities in order.
i CANT WAIT to see this movie :D
Just seen the movie at IMAX . Incredible visuals .love the spits but as a pilot , I don't think Tom could have kept that thing in the air for that long on a dead stick
great film
A great film just seen it
I heard that this movie is more about HOPELESSNESS rather than HOPE
Christopher Nolan is a Legend!
"You can practically see it from here
 What?
 H o m e"
Propaganda, selbst nachdem wir schon zerst????rt wurden.
Brilliant movie, but not gonna lie -- I'm pretty disappointed that the music from the last 50 seconds of this trailer didn't make it in.
Just got back from the movies. This movies is amazing. Bloody perfection :)
all lies!!!!
A little bit dissapointed in the movie, was expecting more feelings and emotions.
Watched it..... It's an average movie... I don't recommend it .
I just saw Dunkirk in the cinema, and I have to admit that I was really surprised over Harry's acting skills. He did an amazing job, and he could easily go for being an actor. Just because he was in one direction doesn't give people the right to talk crap about him
one of the best war movies
One thing we surely learn the British were fucking pieces of shit with cunning techniques they wreak havoc upon a lot of lives all around the world especially India. Maybe If this movie shows Brits as cocksucking tubs of shit I totally agree with that.
OKAY so now when the movie is out in the theater - Let's see if it was so horrible as everyone were complaining about. Did girls scream in the cinema when Harry came on? Was Harry a horrible actor? Pretty sure y'all complained for no reason.
Finally a good movie to go see!
"There's something about this trailer that I cant put my finger on. It just feels so uninspriring.
 Given the scale of the real events it is meant to be portraying, it looks like its been filmed with basic secenery, a hand full of actors/extras, and it just feels to clinical and crisp! It doesn't feel like the production has any scale. Without mentioning the fact that its filmed with pretty boys that look just too clean throughout the whole trailer despite the hell they are supposed to be going through.

 Not sure if that explains what I mean but you may get it. And it's just my oppinion. Nolan is a fantastic director but im feeling a bit underwhelmed by this trailer."
harry styles in dunkirk=david bowie in the prestige
Another fun fact, since I see many disgruntled Frenchmen here: the French actually stole Dunkirk from the Flemish people: it's original name is DUINKERKE and one day I hope Duinkerke will go back to its rightful people.
reluctant continued encounter controversial chop record double rock anything hypothesis rumor reason.
Where is this music in the Dunkirk album album???????
Another tagline for this film: 'How Hitler Let The British Escape'
https://fmovies.is/film/dunkirk.z1rl3/o37p4j Full movie, your welcome
Very good movie and French represented i am pleased.
Why is everybody mentioning the French soldiers in this film. The movie itself is about the evacuation of British soldiers no other nation it's not a heroic film it's just the plain truth. Yes the French thought in Dunkirk but this story is about the evacuation not French soldiers fighting.
Just watched it and I can say it's pretty good, but not the best I've seen. Very intense throughout the film and has weird cuts to different scenes. That's all I have to say.
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ bitly.im/Watch-Download-Dunkirk-2017-FuII-HD-Movie ]
What score tho? I don't think it's in the album.
Think its gonna be the next best war movie after SPR
@pvrcinemaspanipat kab release karoge bhai pvr walo
This movie was BRILLIANT. The only part of Harry Styles you have to worry about are his fans, seriously. He can act, there isn't much dialogue to begin with, this movie is done in 3 parts and it is amazing. We sat there for a few moments after in awe of Nolan's latest masterpiece. He is a cinematic genius, truly he is. If you see one movie this year, see Dunkirk.
"I rewatched Inception and Interstellar this year and yea it's just one guy's opinion but god damn Christopher Nolan kind of sucks. All his movies are like some kind of weird fucked up fever dream but not in a way that feels on purpose. At first I thought it was just Inception but then after rewatching Interstellar and thinking back to the Batman movies, his movies just get sloppier and sloppier until the plot is held together with dental floss and you feel like you drank a half bottle of cough syrup (just half) somewhere near the midway point. His movies just have this real gross dissociated feel to them, like he just can't capture the essence of reality. For me it's like the uncanny valley of movie direction.

 But hey let's make some money off some dead guys, whatever. I'd rather see more movies about the Zulu wars."
Watch with IMAX, that's movie incredible it's really good.
Who came here because of Harry Styles ????????
What sound design.
Off to watch this tonight so excited
movie terriible all off them die very bad movie!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hans zimmer'in m????zikleri i????in bile bu filme gidilebilir
can't say I'll be buying the dvd.
just watched this movie and IT WAS SO EPIC AND IM NOT LYING.
does anyone know the soundscore in the Trailer
janna nick brought me here. thanx for the review babe
Opening shots of this preview shows a Union flag upside down. Surely they would get the British flag correct. It looks a good movie though and I will definitely see it. Great cast, unexpectedly full of names.
I went to the cinema to watch this movie today and I can confirm that there are French soldiers in the movie.
if anyone saw this movie already is it good ? do you recommend it ?
To Ci who left the anti-US comment . We weren't in the war yet buddy . Why make such an ignorant comment ? Stay focused on the history instead of spinning off into anti-American rhetoric .
There is no other people that i respect more than the ones that sacrificed their lives for the greater good. Watching these war films really hit the feels, i must watch it
"My Dad was at Dunkirk he was just 19 years old' John Albert Lamb, he was a stretcher bearer he was taking a wounded man to the make shift Hospital from the beach when a bomb landed near to him the other man dropped his end of the stretcher when my dad looked at his mate had his head blown off so he picked up the man and carried him from the beach to the Hospital with bomb's and shrapnel going off all around him.
 All this at just 19 years old. He got off on a little boat he was one of the lucky ones he got back to England.
 To everyone who payed respect to my Father John Albert Lamb i thank you all, but he was just one man of 400,000 every one of them where brave men...every single one."
Just finished watching this movie. 9/10.
Wow Seen it Last Night It was a Great Movie Especially Watching it on 90mm The Sound and Picture Quality I Would See it Again
"Spoiler alert:







 Harry lives"
Just a reminder. You'd think it wouldn't be necessary but I think it is. Here it is: this is NOT history. Its emotionally manipulative, biased and partial propaganda. Never forget that. We won't get either an accurate or a fair understanding from the film industry.
Saw the movie yesterday and Harry Styles was great along with Fionn Whitehead and of course Tom Hardy. The music, the tense and the effects are simply amazing and makes is very realistic and innovative. Christopher Nolan has without doubt made another masterpiece!
My Grandfather was at Dunkirk - he said he didn't care what happened to him after that because he already accepted that he was a dead man standing on that beach so he might as well live every minute like that from then on. Said the cup of tea and corned beef sandwich they gave him when he landed on British soil will always be the finest meal he has ever eaten.
Im not interested watching war movie at this time of history im tired of this world u wanna watch me about 100 years ago?!at this time there are lotf of problems
thank god this was not rated R, would've left the theater 10 minutes in. too realistic, very traumatizing.
Nolan is the Best .
"**MIGHT CONTAIN SPOILERS**

 This movie is really something special.

 This is not your typical blockbuster-summer film. It is deeper than that. What Christopher Nolan does here is:
 - He wants to put you in their shoes, the volume was really loud. Therefore it actually felt like you were there with them on the beach.
 - Barely any dialogue, which makes it a lot more interesting. For a brief moment when they were actually talking, shit hit the fan. Shit started to explode, people were being shot. It was horrific, but at the same time it was amazing.
 - Unexpected switches between characters infront of the camera. You really have to think whilst watching this movie or you will be lost and think the movie is boring (my girlfriend thought it sucked).

 This movie gets a 9/10. Oscar-material? Maybe.."
I dont mind harry as an actor i just dont like all the etention over him bieng part of the movie pretty anoyying
kindly someone tell me the them which starts from 1.27
today is the release date
The French need to shut it. every comment they post is about how they saved the Brits.
Does anyone else think the soundtrack would be from The Snow Goose by Camel?
The French was to busy surrendering as they always do when we got to France we was surrounded with no Allies pushed back to the English Chanel and then the battle of Britian happend
Hey Nolan, the Frenchies held up SEVEN German divisions while the Brits paddled away to Blighty. You could at least have given them two wee minutes of screentime for the five years they spent in German POW camps after they were left behind.
Is the song at 1:29 by Hans Zimmer? I waited for the soundtrack to find this song but it's not on there
Why you guys keep on doubting Harry Styles acting skills? Have you watched the movie? I must say not yet. So drop the hates! Try to watch it first and if you're not satisfied, then go! Spill the fuckin' beans!
There won't be a movie like this for another few years
That was the time when Brits started to realize that they are not so great anymore ....
This movie was so Trash...half the theater walked out by the time it ended.
Who is watching this film after watching the documentary "Adolf Hitler: the greatest story never told"?
Meh pass it sucked no character build up at all it kept repeating the same scenes
PHENOMENAL!!! Drop whatever you're doing and see this movie right now. You'll thank me later.
What this movie needs is sexy black she-Nazis.
"I just got back from watching the movie.?? In a way it was excellent but in another way it totally missed the boat.?? The movie was
  totally disjointed, one minute you were in the present, the next in the past, back in the present, then in the future, in was enough
  to?? make you sea sick.?? For 10 seconds you were in a spitfire shooting at a German,?? then the next 5 seconds you were aboard a ship in broad daylight, the next 20 seconds you were aboard another ship in the middle of the night, then the next 50 seconds you were on the beach at dawn, then back in a plane at mid day, then aboard a sinking ship, then aboard?? the same ship but it has not been bombed yet.?? That is how the entire movie was.?? It was like someone just cut the entire film into little bits and pieces, threw them on the floor, got totally drunk, and then spliced the pieces together , at random, to make the film.?? This could have been an epic film, but it's one, that if I knew before hand, I would not have gone to see.?? Thank goodness Gettysburg was not directed by this guy.?? My advise, first get stoned?? and then go see this film; it will probably make more sense to you."
you really need to understand the history before you watch it
Of course this will be another masterpiece from master filmmaker and storyteller, Christopher Nolan. Let's hope he'll finally gets nominated for Best Director and Original Screenplay since he was snubbed for The Dark Knight and Inception.
Just saw this on 70mm, 10/10.
harry
Harry styles???????€????????€????????€?
The movie didn't really live up to that great trailer...Rather watch "Enemy at the Gates" - a real war movie ;)
Going to watch in few minutes!!!!
just saw this movie and its really great, it was so loud i really felt like i was there. the movie theater was shaking. good movie with a good cast. also for those who are skeptical about harry acting, he does a great job. the movie doesnt have much dialouge at all anyways.
This movie was fantastic! Best war film I've seen in a while. Keep directing awesome movies, Christopher Nolan!
I just got back from seeing Dunkirk on its release day and Harry was amazing! He was such a good actor and he played his part really well! The movie, and Harry, were fabulous????????
"Just got back from the movies!
 And let's just say Christopher Nolan and Steven Spielberg are this generations Picasso."
AND YET MOST OF THESE FRICKEN PEOPLE DONT EVEN KNOW HOW IMPORTANT ONE SOLDIER IS To OTHERS
???? watch the movie and its soo liittt
Everyone saying "I hope he doesn't forget about the French soldiers that saved the Brits' tails"...cool your jets. Do you really think Nolan's going to gloss over that heroic detail? Don't get your panties in a wad.
I finally watched it. What a hard movie. I had to close my eyes a couple times for it was to hard to watch. You had me crying Nolan. Well done.
yay, more allied propaganda.
0:50 When normies raid your stream
This movie is ass
I'm seeing this tomorrow night at the theater up the road, hope it's worth the money. I rarely pay full price for a movie unless I really want to see it. Dunkirk looks pretty good, plus I love the cast: Branaugh, Murphy, Hardy, Rylance.
Why many people complains bout Harry being in the movie. There are many more other soldiers there and are y'all complain bout them? No. Harry doesn't even have a big ass role. So chill
Just saw it. It's great obviously. Harry Styles was so good I literally forgot he's from 1d during the film.
I Watched the film yesterday in Serbia I watched among people witness too wars and I am myself coming from country still struggling in the war until todayI I witnessed the war in my country Libya it's totally different when you watch a movie like Dunkirk and you know the suffering of the war
"And yet SJW idiots are complaining that this film ""Doesn't have many women or blacks"".
 You ungrateful dastards, these young white men died so you could be able to complain about this film instead of being arrested and thrown into a Nazi prison camps for being political dissidents."
watched it in 4D, holy fuck it is a masterpiece
Really interesting fact: Christopher Nolan cast Harry Styles in the movie WITHOUT knowing of his musical fame. He only found out after that Styles was famous
This movie is gonna break all records...Love from India ??????????????
The French had built a great defensive line and then got cheap and built half ass extensions and left an entire forested area of the border totally undefended.
I came here for the man one & only Christopher Nolan !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
...
such a great movie
Cant bring myself to watch British war movies considering there crimes commited in Ireland.
the allies could care less about casualties. they wouldve been willing to throw away all those english lives just so long as they were a mile closer to berlin. all these people want to give credit for their survival to the french but its all thanks to hitler. hitler pulled back the assualt in hopes that he could for the last time offer a peace proposal. after the evacuation hitlers peace proposal was rejected by the english and french and hitler had officially made the transition from a simple conflict to total war to match the english aggression.
Dunkirk.. To all those who doubted casting and some other aspects of the film... The film has been receiving overwhelming reviews and a strong opening! #HailNolan
"""Dunkirk"" is an usual bullshit hollywood-style ton of bullshit for use of anglopshere's celebration of itself

 ?? i've seen two trailers you don't see any French while the battle was mainly between the Germans and the French who defended the place to protect the flein..., re-embarkment of the brits (who were decided to ""fight until the the end on the beaches"" but obviously not on France's ones)

 I hope that nobody' on the continent will go to see this shit"
First Nolan film to be truly dull.
Just whatced IT on cinema, great Movie !!!
What has man made, there is no possibility of survival... like man has made war and destruction (not all men)
"A lot of Americans/British raped a lot of women
 And
 A lot of Americans/British killed a lot of unarmed people
 ...."
Saw it....Expected better..
We have different perspective against to war. But I will watch it any way. I can't wait to see Harry in a movie??????
I sense some bullshit in this movie.
i want a german win
Nolan really surprised me with this one. One of the best movies of the year so far.
A war film that's not about America and they are not the saviours sounds like it's based on reality for once.
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ bitly.im/Watch-Download-Dunkirk-2017-FuII-HD-Movie ] ?????€????????€???
we should never surrender
It offends me Harry styles is in it that prancing around little princess can't play a role like this
I LIVE THERE (btw the scene set was on the beach lol)
feminist: there are not enough females in this film
Just got back from cinema watching this movie. In my opinion this is boring movie. If you want to watch just wait this movie uploaded somewhere on the Internet. Not worth it.
"Something bother me in this movie, here me out.... SPOILERS ALERT!!!
 .
 .
 .
 During the last scene in the train when soldier returned home, it cut back and forth at tom hardy landing his plane.. in the train one of the soldier read the newspapers out loud and harry style characters is in front of him. After tom hardy get landing the plane and get caught lastly it cut back at the soldier in the train. The music stop and the soldier also stop reading the newspaper and look at harry style infront of him, and that time im hearing a sound like a ring being pull out of the grenade.. and the sceen cut to black and ending credit. Is harry style committed suicide? Is he the german spy?"
More lying bullshit from (((Hollywood))).
NOLAN 4 LIFE
The most beautifully shot movie i've seen so far this year
People are only watching this because of Harry Styles
superb
I think the fellow at 1:13 is based on Charles Lightoller, who used his private yacht to evacuate people. He was the senior surviving officer of the TITANIC. His vessel, the SUNDOWNER, still exists and is part of a museum at Ramsgate.
"PG-13

 Zookeeper's Wife
 Dunkirk
 Pearl Harbor
 Red Tails"
"As expected, we have 'minority advocates' now saying there aren't enough people of color in this movie.

 Unsurprisingly, they didn't complain when all the slaves in '12 years a slave' were all black."
Who's here because of Harryee
Just saw it in the cinema in IMAX. Worth every cent watching it in IMAX! It may not have the gore of Saving Private Ryan but don't let that fool you. It is very intense and there are quite a few sudden moments that will catch you off-guard. Might want to bring ear plugs for those with hearing sensitivities, as it can get rather loud especially when it comes to the aerial and bombing sequences...
Just saw this today in the Cinema... It was amazing!!!
Tragedy. I was booking my tickets for Dunkirk online and for technical issues I bought the ticket for the second show. I wanted to watch the first show, first day but now I can't do anything. The tickets can't be cancelled and I'm heartbroken. I also overpaid compared to the first show. I don't know why I'm saying this here but it really disheartens me as I've been wanting to watch the first show since the moment the movie was announced.
Dunkirk is cinematic Despacito......
They copied Battlefield 1
Just seen it. Heavy. Enlightening. Moving. Just go see it.
anyone else absolutely frothing that music from 1:28 ?? omfg I can't wait
Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer are just gods together.
As good as The Dark Knight. No BS.
Who's watching this after finishing fullone?
This looks so good. God bless all the allied forces!
did i just saw harry styles
Dunkirk a place in belgium, near the french border. Duinkerke/Dunkerque
Whoa I spy Harry Styles
was horrible, i love nolan and all his movies (interstellar is a fucking masterpiece) but this was pure shit
Hans Zimmer ???????
DUMB! there are no people of color or women. racist movie that i will not see. lol
This is what happens when the British try to fight Germany with the U.S's help.
all I see.. Kamikaze
lol
A movie about courageous men acting like real men? Count me in, tickets purchased for IMAX theatre. Really was the greatest generation.
I've seen this movie already. It's a masterpiece. ;)
Christopher Nolan is not quite the genius as people here are making it to be. Interstellar's absurd second half should speak for that.
Never forget that thousands of Frenchmen died so that the British could retreat back to their homes in the United Kingdom.
Forever keep the glorification of war, fresh in the minds of man, and man will never progress or learn to control their innate hatred for one another.
"You could practically see it from here.

 What?


 Hype."
F--king Germans!!!!
No women in this Movie USA Today say.
Thomas shelby
I'm really happy for Harry, being in his first ever real movie. I heard him saying if he wasn't in one direction, he'd want to be an actor. And well Harry, your dream came true ^_^.
I'm reading "From Christopher Nol..." Ok, I'm watching this.
I don't understand why some people are frowning upon Harry being in this...it's clear he takes his work serious with music so I don't expect any less of him with his acting career. I wouldn't be surprised if we see him casted in more things down the road.
every movie with Nolan and Zimmer is usually a masterpiece.
The French deserve a lot of credit for those that survived at Dunkirk. French troops cut off two major Nazi supply lines and forced General Gerd von Rundstedt to stop and resupply. Hitler did not give the order to stop. Most historians believe that the halt order originated from von Rundstedt and von Kleist.
Con razon aparece en XBOX LIVE esta chida!
Just got my ticket for tomorrow. Fuck yeah
ITS JUST THE TRAILER BUT I CRIED AT HARRY'S DEATH
Looks like a fantastic movie.. only if the beach was that clean with no blood =\
Watching this on IMAX was an experience I'll never forget.
I see this Saturday and I cannot wait
WWII movies are epic, but I think it's time we need some WWI movies. Showing the other side of Germany before Nazism.
WWII has made a lot of money. In fact I'm pretty sure at this point that it has more than recouped its monetary costs.
They should change to Dummy Churchill who so good at executing his own men by sending into meat grinding machines. You'd think after Gallipoli they would have blown Churchill's Reptilian Jew brains out! This British Jew Scumbag is the same as Re-animated Reptilian Jew Abe Lincoln who started a war to wipe out 500,000 Human Gentiiles! There are no jobs for White Gentiles only blacks so you boys have to take up arms and kill each other! Ha Ha Ha! Stop making this Jewish Propaganda KKK Crap and start telling the truth! These WARS are to exterminate Human Gentiles!
97% rotten tomatoes -- zero surprise
"""Maybe The best war movie ever Made""
 Peter travers.
 Holy shit the hype is too high."
Watch Harry only have 3 or 4 lines and then die, I'm willing to bet money on this
Did anybody see this movie yet? How good was it it has 97% metacritic for those who don't know.
Good old ass whipping
fucking Dunkirk was nothing.. they all got away.. should have been an epic battle
No people of colour?
Too bad i think the only good movies that Nolan has made are Batman and man of Steel.
just saw it , it was great!
Christopher Nolan makes generally clean movies...which I really appreciate. A lot of his previous movies didn't have much violent, bloody scenes, yet he was still able to execute the film with intensity and near perfection. I feel the same way with this film. In fact I read the "Parents Guide: View content advisory" on IMDB, and it stated "...the film never lingers on the deaths and avoids showing blood and gore almost entirely." This is one of the reason I respect this director. You can have a great film, even a war film, without prolonging and intensifying the violence.
bf1 movie
Who else just wants to watch this movie because Harry is in it
"I have a request for you Warner Bros.:
  MAKE MORE WWII MOVIES!"
anything with Tom Hardy
Magic Nolan !!!
If you expect something like Saving Private Ryan well i tell you this, save your time and money, this is a psychological thriller and nothing more.
Bit of a shame that didn't CGI out the container cranes in the background. Those things have only been around for the past 40 something years. Kind of like watching a ford prius drive down a 1940s street
finally a ww1?? or ww2 movie
After so many years it it should be okay to let people know why the enemy tanks stopped, why Rudolf Hess flew to Britain about one year after and why he died so suddenly after Germany's reunification.
THANK GOD I saw the ad for this. They had me at Christopher Nolan and Cillian Murphy
Harry Styles ????????????????????????
1:29 Zimmer marks his stern presence.
"cant believe they would make a movie of the slaighter of Dunkirk and put it on general release as a form of entertainment to a generation of absolute losers /wankers , whose main goal in life is to see who likes them the most on facebook etc.. and at the same time wouldnt go fight in a war even if the enemy was right on their doorstep.. expecting someone else to do it for them..

 ive never seen such a soft as shit young generation as the ones we have now..."
On This Day: France Surrenders to Nazi Germany. On June 22, 1940, the French government signed an armistice with Nazi Germany just six weeks after the Nazis launched their invasion of Western Europe . 6 WEEKS!
hyped af
All of Nolan's films are so bad, they are pretty much unwatchable. Don't be too disappointed as this one will be as well...
I watched the movie just bc of harry lol
"""Each French embarked is a lost English."" - John Gort.

 11,000 French soldiers died in a few days to save the British ass."
"7.20A0311
 <3"
I cannot believe outlets like USA Today are complaining that this film does not have diversity with blacks and women, "especially in the battle scenes" isn't this film supposed to depict "what exactly happenned" ?
I wonder if they mention the 51st highlanders who were sacrificed in holding the Germans back while other soldiers fled
All these dunkirk adds make me want to see the movie less and less. I've seen 6 in a row, like I get it but that's overkill.
0:48 the guy to the left HUUUUUH
Dunkirk??? Really???? It's Dunkerque !!!
i cant wait to watch it this friday
Nolan is the director..........tha's enough 4 me. I am gonna watch it.
"you can practically see it from here
 what?
 ""HOME"""
I can't wait!!!!!!!!!
Rude, anti-french, anglo-saxon propaganda: the usual Hollywood recipe... It is an insult to the 40.000 who gave up their lives to help the Brits getting away.
Didn't Hitler made a Order to let them escape? In hope that he could still negotiate with Britain?
GET LOST WITH YOUR PROPAGANDA, NOLAN. 35 000 SOLDIERS GIVE YOU THE MIDDLE FINGER.
This film brings me shame. Christopher Nolan used it to gloss over the role of the French army and to try to exaggerate the role of the British army. The French army defended the city heroically to defend the evacuating British troops who didn't defend their posts. 40000 french troops died defending them. Christopher Nolan chose to ignore their importance by only showing French troops for a couple of seconds and not even showing them as heroes but as scrounges. As a British person this film brings me shame as without the heroic French troops that gave their lives defending the retreating British troops then Dunkirk would have been a massacre. Shame on you Christopher Nolan.
this movie is gonna be the besr
Nolan is the only reason.. hell with the cast.
Any one the song or the instrumental
I want to see so bad
Why are the Britts not fighting ,,,, just sitting on the beach
Cillian Murphy is underrated
NOLAN REALLY DRAGS HIS MOVIES OUT. EXCEPTION DARK KNIGHT MOVIES I LOVED
There is no mention of the bravery and sacrifice of the French 1st army to cover the retreating BEF. Yet another falsification of history?
Yes! Finally a non american propaganda movie. Sick of seeing the americans role played up in every mainstream movie. Need more big movies about the French, Canadians and Russians now. Along with the British, they were the real heros.
"Ok. So I saw the movie and here's literally what it was


 Man attempts to get on boats"
everything Nolan does is great. I can't wait to see this one..great cast too.
It's tragic that all those clueless White men were conned into killing their own kind, on behalf of the JEW DEMONS that are working tirelessly to exterminate the White Race. ADOLF WAS RIGHT!
The only reason they weren't all slaughtered was because Hitler didn't want to kill them. He respected the British and never wanted war with them. Churchill sold out the British to the Jewish banking cartels and continued the war for their benefit. Those 400,000 men owe their extra years of life to Hitler's kindness. The blood of all Brits who died after Dunkirk are on the hands of the traitor Churchill. Don't get your history from Jewish owned Hollywood. Read a history book! The truth fears no investigation.
Nolan cast him to kill him off ?????????????????
Where in the film are the 120,000 French soldiers who were also evacuated from Dunkirk? Where are the 40,000 who sacrificed themselves to defend the city against a superior enemy in weaponry and numbers?
Hmmm, a d????j?? vu sentiment in 70mm. Clean, and professionally filmed, yes.
han solo dies
I'm not French or British, i'm Australian. Us three, along with New Zealand, and all the unfortunate countries who were ruled under the tyranny of that asshole Hitler, were in that war from the start, from the very beginning, from the invasion of Poland, to the bombing of Darwin, to Pearl Harbour. We fought alone, and against unbelievable odds. But, it was the heroes that fought for our future, and our way of life, that deserve to be honoured. All those un-sung heroes who fought on land, air and sea, i hope, i truly hope, they are never forgotten. Because those people, are the reason we live the way we do today.
the rating of this movie on imdb is 9.6?
OSCAR
Music Name ?
one of the BF 109's with the yellow paint is a late war model like 1944 and one of the spitfires has 20mm and armour glass and plates is also late war but still looks like an interesting movie
9.6/10 IMDb rating, don't think I've ever seen one that High?
Another WW rip off. Enough with this shit
"There is a gnawing ambivalence watching this. Nolan is a great film maker. Rylance, Branagh and Murphy are great actors. Dunkirk is not a sparkly, wrapped in a bow war story. It is not about victory, it is about the first great act of bravery, camaraderie, rescue and rearguard action at the start of an internecine war.

 It is not famous in America because America does not star, and America always demands its name above the title. So, while I think it is a story worth telling on the scale that Nolan tells stories, as soon as I see ""This Summer"" followed by another couple of hackneyed phrases, my heart sinks a little. Will this event's history be redefined by a blockbuster?"
I literally havent seen a decent war movie since Saving Private Ryan, DUNKIRK COME AT ME
You lost me at Harry styles
Christopher Nolan is a legend among legends
That was somthing else...
This bf1 dlc trailer is lit
Pussies.
History is awesome. Especially WW2 (It's my fave)
The USA ?????€????????€??? sends the blessings of God ???????????? to our comrades the French and English...now let's unite to defeat the great Satan ???? ??????evil Islam ?????????????
Going to a midnight screening.. dress up ideas? (I'm a guy)
I`ve heard this described by feminists as"nothing more than white men killing each other".They also say that the true victims are the women left behind.
no more brothers wars
I don't have to worry much when it's Nolan movie..... Desperate.... Fingers crossed....
If it has the actor from Bridge of Spies, you know it's good. Definitely will be seeing this.
I can't find a single person of color or Trans actor. Just shows we still live in a racist patriarchy. And don't fucking tell me its wouldn't be historically accurate. Racism isn't ok just because you say "but history"..
There's no perfect film. There' Nolan film.
anyone know the release date
i was planning to go to see it just to support harry but it actually seems really interesting and im excited to go watch it!
so the shit harry styles trying to be an actor
This is going to be the best world war 2 movie for a LONG time, it's literally a documentary but more entertaining
I can't wait to see it no matter how is in it,it looks absolutely brilliant brilliant actors to me I've got my ticket booked have a feeling this one sell out tickets at local cinema.
If it wasn't for Hitler trying to establish dialog with Brits they all have been gone. My take on the story. No miracle just politics.
Ojal???? USA/EUROPA recuerden que no es bueno para nadie estar jugando a la guerra, todos salen lastimados y se gana poco. Que los pol????ticos de Washington no los enga????en.
Have my tickets for an 11:20 IMAX showing on Friday - can't wait!
Another shit movie full of lies. Save your money. It's been fake news since 1913. Learn the truth: http://tomatobubble.com/dunkirk_movie_review.html
Spielberg, Scorcese and Tarantino are the old guard. But Nolan and VIlleneuve are the future
Wasn't really a fan of Harry Styles but the bloke has been doing great thing lately
If this movie doesn't mention the French rearguard that allowed operation dynamo (evacuation) I will be highly disappointed.
"95% on Rotten Tomatoes through 61 reviews
 97 metacritic score through 30 reviews

 The Oscar campaign has begun."
Tired of all the WW2 movies. Its been more than 70 years... time to move on
could all the french pussys please stop crying. thx :*
It's weird to watch a WWII film with Kenneth Branagh where he doesn't play a nazi
It's weird to watch a WWII film with Kenneth Branagh where he ain????t a Nazi
Praise to all you goddamned heroic sons of bitches!!!!
conscription my ass
This looks boring. Must miss.
"Dear Warner Bros.
 I have been a big fan of your work, you have made a lot of great movies in your time.
 But, looking by the trailer i have made a personal conclusion.
 Sadly, this one, as much as i wanted, wasn't one of them.
 I know you are here to make a movie, not only for the historical accuracy, and, maybe, to motivate more people to take interest in the people and nations that made our everyday life, in freedom and liberty, but also, so audience enjoys the movie, not only as a historical event, but also as a, well, movie.
 i am indeed excited, that you've made a movie about such an amazing event, but i am disapointed that you have casted a person who has a huge fan base, and that his own fans hate your original trailer, because it doesn't portrait him as much a they wanted, i am ofcourse speaking about Harry Styles.
 I would've liked if you had casted an entirely fresh face, a person with practically no fan base, or experience in the movie buisness, and ofcourse put that person in a side roll, and put a experieced veteran,(war joke), in the lead roll.
 If you Warner Bro's have put this ex-boyband person, in this roll, because you want his fanbase to watch the movie, i am deeply disapointed in you, you will probably deny, my accusasion, so i will probably never get a truthfull response, maybe not even get a simple response from you.
 Sinceraly Kalvis B???€?rs."
who else is watching this on July 21st cause i am
for christpher nolan only
Tom Hardy + Cillian Murphy + Christopher Nolan = infinity OMG
I can guarantee that this picture will win oscar for best picture.
"All Christopher Nolan films have

  Either Tom Hardy, Christian Bale, Michale Caine, Morgan Freeman, Marion Cotillard, Joseph Gordon Levitt, Matthew Mcougnahey or Anne Hathaway


 Period"
Just saw it. Best movie of the decade.
This comment is for all the people who think Harry was only chosen due to his fame.Christopher Nolan did not know Harry was already famous until he had already cast him in the movie.
Let's go WarGaming!!!
So many interesting battles in WW2, I ask why Dunkirk, how about battle of Kursk, Leningrad ?
Christopher Nolan is the best
Only seen clips for this new Dunkirk movie but from those and critics remarks it sounds very promising albeit the soldiers uniforms often look too clean. For those interested I would also recommend the older Dunkirk movie filmed in Black & White with John Mills, Richard Attenbrough and Bernard Lee among others starring. It was very good for the time and provides a slightly different aspect to the circumstances surrounding the evacuation and the experiences of some of the men involved. It is not on the scale of this newer movie but well worth seeing.
When a movie needs a magnet for Children like Harry Styles, It could Be a shitty movie
is this ww1 or ww2 ?
Gimme The Thin Red Line.
There are some spectacular shots in this trailer. I can????????t wait to see it!
I haven't been to a theater for years however, I'm gonna go see this at IMAX !?????€???
DUNKIRK DONUTS!
Damn. @ 1.04 the Messerschmitt ME109 is a Hispano Aviaci????n HA-1112.
Who heard a news on google that this is a masterpiece and landed here?
this is christopher nolan!! dont doubt! just watch u pieces of shit
#NAME?
He casted Harry styles to get all teenage girls to watch the movie ???????€????????€?
Battlefield 1 movie formation
They need to include Iron maiden- aces high just for the hell of it.
Dunkirk...500,000 Brits stranded. That evil Hitler could have blasted them on the beach and blown every rescuing fish boat in the English Channel. Hitler should have never let the Brits?? escape. Never give your enemy a second chance.
Looks good. I hope that the younger of the British and larger UK populations can get a history lesson in who they are.
Saving Private Ryan has this beat... no offense.
Now the enemy has already invaded Britain and lives amongst us.
Yo solo vine por Mi Harry:)
Germany won this battle and than allowed the British to flee and escape but they won't tell you this in this movie.
WAKE UP SHEEP THE JEW IS DECEIVING YOU, WE HAVE AN ARMY TO BUILD. Govern = gubernare = latin = TO CONTROL, ment = mens = latin = MIND. Media, money, politics, education, history, religion, pharmaceuticals, nuclear bombs, space, space travel, planets, galaxies, ball earth, evolution, gravity, monkey man, dinosaurs, forests, mountains, volcanos = LIES. YOUTUBE - FLAT EARTH ADDICT 05 (first video). YOUTUBE - THE FLAT EARTH THE FIRAMAMENT THE DOME ABOVE US (first video).
96 in metacritic.
Holy shit! Not a big fan of war movies but the trailer looks amazing and chris nolan is the director + familiar faces in the cast. Sold.
6874 nazis disliked this video.
Nolan is very hit or miss, but this looks promising.
"Normal Human Being - A movie about a nail biting rescue from WW2 that's directed by Christopher Nolan! That's amazing!.
 1D Fangirl - OH MY GAWD, MY FUCKING HUSBAND! I DON'T GIVE A SHIT ABOUT THAT DUMB HISTORY! I'M GONNA SCREAM AND GET FINGERING WHEN THAT BOY'S ON THE SCREEN!!!
 It's fucking true you pathetic whores!"
Why did the tanks stop you ask? Cause Hitler was a retard.
boom
Ac???? se llama durnkerque o algo as???? baia
"I love Nolan. The guy is great. But Dunkirk is gonna sink. People are tired of war. The world is filled with war right now.
 I wish he would of gave us another Inception. Theres so much more he could of done with a dream plotline. Damn."
(I hope I don't get hate for this) but I feel like everyones talking about the director and the remembrance and stuff and I of course think thats important but tbh I just came for Harry???????€?
Lmao,a huge army and then dont hav any air defense
Looks like a good epic.
Everyone talking about Harry Styles, and I can only focus my atenttion on Cillian Murphy.
"For all the Irish viewers.
 Imagine the movie is set in Ireland ????????????????"
CHRISTOPHER NOLAN
Get rekt by Guderian and his 19th Panzer Corps?
Finally a war movie since saving pvt Ryan going to see that :)
This looks so good! I can't wait for it to come out!!
No thanks.
"Lest We Forget.



 I saw a Messerschmitt and a Supermarine Spitfire or Hawker Hurricane go over Lee on the Solent, taking off from HMS Daedalus. This film looks amazing."
oooh I can't wait to see this movie ??????????????????????????????
oks like an interesting film. Just a point about the French army holding back to Germans to allow the British to evacuate. That is true in part. Many British soldiers were also effectively sacrificed in fighting in a perimeter around the beaches to hold the German army back. Many of those many were killed or captured. Most notoriously was the case of the Wormhoudy massacre where nearly 100 British troops of the Warwickshire regiment were shot and grenaded by SS troops in a cow shed after they had fought to the last round. So please, also acknowledge that is was not just British soldiers that evacuated, but many French and other allied nations' troops too. And similarly it wasn't just French who were killed and captured valiantly protecting the beaches. Thanks and enjoy the movie everyone.
It is always pleasant to see how arrogant, greedy, bloodthirsty Brits die
"there's no hiding from this son..." all choked up at that point
Hope is a weapon because the guns they left on the beach. Poland remember
Spike Milligan spoke to a Dunkirk survivor in his book, "Hitler, my part in his down fall". When asked about what it was like the soldier replied, " A fuck up. A real fuck up." certainly NOT a victory.
where a French ??? Oh forgot ,they surrendered
BANE must always wear his mask in any christopher nolan film
I'm from India and after watching movies of Christopher Nolan, I'm definitely gonna check this one.
all hail to lord nolan
You cowards you f.. cowards...f to you British rats f to you French pussy's i wish you nation to die
Most people here are kiss asses. There was no heroic defense of Dunkirk. Hitler specifically chose not to capture the allied solders. So this plot will mostly be made up garbage action scenes like Saving Private Ryan.
the new battle field 1 dlc coming soon pre purchase now for 99 pounds because were EA
The Scarecrow and Bane are in this film YAY
I keep rewatching this trailer so much. HURRY UP FFS
they need to make a *call of Duty * movie.. i think it will be a great hit
Like everyone else here once it read Christopher Nolan it had my attention
"I think this movie is gonna be great, It not because it from Christopher Nolan, it because so many movies about war, world war 1 have a smallest space in the cinema. So i think this movie talking about world war 1 is gonna open a huge space in the cinema.


 IF THIS MOVIE IS TALKING ABOUT WORLD WAR 2 I AM SORRY FROM MY MISTAKE"
Sponsors World Of Tanks lol
The Dunquirk little ships performed something of a miracle of humanity. I am not sure that CIVILIAN lead boats have ever performed the savior of nearly 400 thousand soldiers. They faced forces which had just overrun all of Europe All of it. Half of France still did not know which side to be on. so the pro german french sailed the french navy to North Africa. Where I am sorry to say despite requests to sail to a British Port or commonwealth port. We sunk them so they didnt join the germans which they were looking to do.
Where's Michael Caine?
I got so thrilled for the first time in my life to watch a movie this fast in cinemas BECAUSE IT IS FROM CHRISTOPHER NOLAN AND HANZ ZIMMER MUSIC ohhh these two Are just incredibly creative and they just know what they are doing !
Me, personally, would have left England in 1939 for Spain and returned in 1960. Better to let others fight and die.
If Harry dies i am going to cryyy!!!
In 1984 my wife and I were on a London honeymoon when we decided to take a boat tour of the Thames River. Up front in the passenger area of our little launch (it could probably seat 30) was a little (2 inches by 4 inches) brass plaque with the following words etched into it: "This craft took part in the evacuation at Dunkirk, 1940"
Sadly the bad side won.
Looks good! Can't wait to see this film!
Harry and Fionn waiting for you ?????€????????€???
my grandad fought in this says it all ????????
Must?? review this when this comes out!
The fact that they used Hispano 109's makes me wanna beat myself with a stick
That weeeeeeeeeee sound
death before dishonour
6 days now can't wait
Finally a movie where allies get rekt and not only the bad bad evil Germans as usual in hollywood movies lol
in nolan we trust
I dont get it
I am interested in it because Harry Styles was acting thrre
i can hear hans....
I'm half German and half English, my father really wants to see this film even though he is German. He doesn't believe that what they did was right but it was war. My mother gets upset and angry when we mention Dunkirk to her because my fathers dad shot my mothers dad. I'm really looking forward to this film!!
Dunkirk???????????? FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ bitly.im/Watch-Download-Dunkirk-2017-FuII-HD-Movie ]
world of tanks anyone?
god save wales and god save britain... god save freedom!!!
some of us already knew what happened here... Fuck this movie unless the history is accurate. my great uncle was killed there. i'm a history major. we will see
If it's Mr. Nolan, you know you'll get your money's worth?????€??????????? I'll be in the theaters
DID ANYONE SEE HARRY STYLES AS ONE OF THE SOLDIERS!
le funneh joke about 6 weeks
I really hope they don't fuck this up!
"is the old man at 1:12 supposed to be Lightoller of RMS Titanic fame (where he had loaded lifeboats on the port side) ?
 He did sail his own boat at age 66 to Dunkirk."
jesus, goebbles would envy this piece of propaganda
the fact that Christopher Nolan directed it, the same director of The Dark Knight Trilogy & Inception. Those two movies did not disappoint me and I doubt this one will either.
Nope not better than saving private Ryan or hacksaw ridge in fact I just watched it it was good just not as good as those other movies
F*cking jewllywood, always spit on Europa especially French, forgetting their sacrifice also Germans who always look like monsters, and valorize jew-ridden anglo-saxons cowards
"Chistopher Nolan" , 'nuff said
German Me109's with the sirene sound of a Stuka dive bomber...wrong choice and doesn't make it realistic.
As good as this flim looks, I wont be seeing it because of harry styles. He just ruins it for me.
Harry? Why not give a new actor a chance? Prefer a war film with actors that are unknown?
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry
Where is Christian Bale? :(
another masterpiece is on its way..
is this based on true story? i mean that all the scenes? :))
raise hands...who will watch it for Harry styles. ..???????€????????€?
ww2 was an unnecessary war. financed by the rothchilds as usual. Also AH allowed the allies to get away,and escape back to england, about 500,000 troops. He had to order his generals to stop their advance. AH spared their lives.
definitely watching thiss
I cant wait....
Harry ????????????????????????
The scene with the planes will be an extra ordinary scene I'm calling it
1:19 is BFG?
story is too linear they literally picked the most boring part of the war to make a film about
Nolan is best
"0:47
 Harry!!"
I didn't understand what happened at 1:40 when the guy got hit in the mouth I think? Can someone please explain? Thanks in advance ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I just can't believe that this was the reality for these men at war and the fact that tragedy like this is still happening. This makes me think twice that I'm blessed to be in a country without war
Just waiting for this epic movie
Harry ????????????????????????????????????
Harry styles is in this yessssssss!!!!!! I love him so much ?????€??????????????????????????????????????????
"All of the best movies were produced by the same people who are producing this one.

 Not to mention the fact that Hans Zimmer is making the music

 Fuck. Yes."
"If the actual Belgians that were fighting and dying in Duinkerke will be
  left out, I'm gonna be disappointed and very angry at the same time.."
exciteddddd
cillian murphy man
Fun fact: If Hitler hadn't ordered his troops to stop at this point and had crushed the british troops instead, the war would very likely ended there.
I wonder if Nolan realises that dunkirk was masterminded at dover
Usually, I'm not too crazy about war films, but since Bi Rain recommends it, I'll have to watch this IMAX movie.
"""You can practically see it from there""

 ""What?""

 HYPE"
1:48.... Tom Hardy
thought it would star tom hanks
?????€??????€????????????€??????€????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????? ???????????€??????€?????????????????????????????
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? ???????? bitly.im/Watch-Download-Dunkirk-2017-FuII-HD-Movie
It will be epic..can't wait
Where is the French ???
There are a lot of WW2 movies from the Allied perspective, does anyone know of good movies from the Axis perspective?
im excited....christopher Nolan is the best director in the world
There is something about seeing that one shot of the Spitfire banking over the sky that just gives me goosebumps. the music is also incredible. I can't wait to see it! <3
i'm a fan of 1D but shitttt even if harry didn't make the cut i'd still watch it. ITS A CHRISTOPHER NOLAN MOVIEEEEE
Nolan + Zimmer AGIAN is the real reason why I'm excited
When can we get a pro German movie? I am sick of the horseshit.
show de bola mal posso esperar
Hanz Zimmer + Nolan = EPICNESS
please be good please be good please be good
This is going to be amazing. This trailer deserves an award!
The enemy tanks stopped there advance for two reasons. First Hitler thought it would be smart to allow some British to escape for peace talks (What a dumbass). Second The 40,000 remaining French were doing a good job delaying their advance by capturing one of their higher ranking officers.
when i saw christopher nolan and hans motherfucking zimmer this movie just skyrocketed to the top for me! cant wait!
"Where are the French soldiers who also fought at Dunkirk ??? Before making a historical film would be well Nolan?? to tell the whole story and not a part.
 I find it a lack of respect for the French civilians and soldiers who fought and contained the Germans to protect his British soldiers."
Who?? wrote?? this melody...?
like si viniste x harry styles
song name?
Harry Styles ???????
... something about the humanism of the Germans in this movie? if not... its Propaganda!?
I really fucking hope they give the French some justice here, as a historian I can tell you that the French delayed the German advance long enough to give our boys the chance to escape Dunkirk. If the French aren't given good enough justice I wont enjoy the movie.
A film about the ANZAC outfit and Gallipoli is long overdue!
"We shall go on to the end.

 We shall never surrender."
Harry styles is in this muvie that is why I want to watch this and I can't weit to see my baby ?????????????€????????€??€??????€??????????€??????€??€????????????????
I'm weak in the history ???????€? so can someone tell me what's the movie about ?
0:48 are those container cranes in the background?????
It looks good, but nothing special. Nolan has been losing it for awhile. I hope it is great, but the trailer is good, but nothing special.
Chris Nolan. enough said
"That's when Germany knew, They fucked up.

 Oh the lend-lease act. You British and your American allies."
I'm just so excited. I love historical movies. I think if u like these movies, u should watch Anthropoid.
I saw the movie about the Welsh girl who wrote a movie about this, it's called Their Finest, I can just tell you right now fuck this movie and go watch Gemma Arterton say fuck you to gender discrimination during WWII, it's honestly a better way to spend your time and is about the same fucking moment in WWII
Dunkirk FuIIM?????????? ?????????€? [ bitly.im/Watch-Download-Dunkirk-2017-FuII-HD-Movie ] ?????€????????€???
"Dunkirk 2017 Full Movie
 Watch Now : ?????? Dunkirk ??????
 Skip the lines, sticky floors, and noisy fellow theater-goers. ???????(???€??€?^^???€??€?)???????https://plus.google.com/u/0/113811238000109683877"
wow
I like harry styles & Christopher Nolan is my favorite favourite direct. so I believe this is going to be the best war movie.
My father just got out of Christian Brothers Orphanage he was in there at age 2 and when he got out joined British army artillery sergeant only to be trapped at this beach..Went on to fight at North Africa & Battle of Bulge and others..
"Spoilers:

 They escape Dunkirk"
I hope dover my home town is represented as that was the main Base of operations.
it'll be interesting to find out if this movie is true to history i.e. the Canadian contribution
?????€????????€???
Why don't we learn about these true events in school?
Nolan is a genious, by giving a role to Harry in this movie he will make a fuckton of teenage girls watch it and learn some history.
Looks OK, but the cynic in me says it won't be as good as the John Mills/Richard Attenborough one.
does anyone know the song they used in this trailer? i really like it
Nolan doesn't need an Oscar. The hope is that he always collaborate with Hanz Zimmer. 1:29 is that magic and vibe that no one can produce.
This year all the movies are shit except Logan and gifted. Can't wait for this. High expectations
could this be the one to finally get nolan the best director nod
We need a Stalingrad movie from Nolan.
This will be a classic
all white cast
I see cillian murphy in many nolan's movie
0:37 0:39 basitli????e bak????n kendini yere atma ????ekline bak????n arkadaki patlamayla :)
I've got my tickets for the 70MM version. I'm soo hyped right now! ?????€???
"After holding off an SS company until their ammo was spent, 99 Royal Norfolk Regiment soldiers retreated to a farmhouse in the village of Paradis, just 50 miles from the Dunkirk port. Ships waited there to carry home the British Expeditionary Force, which had been fighting alongside the French in its defensive war against the German invaders. Agreeing to surrender, the trapped regiment started to file out of the farmhouse, waving a white flag tied to a bayonet. They were met by German machine-gun fire.

 They tried again and the British regiment was ordered by an English-speaking German officer to an open field where they were searched and divested of everything from gas masks to cigarettes. They were then marched into a pit where machine guns had been placed in fixed positions. The German order came: ???????Fire!??????? Those Brits who survived the machine-gun fire were either stabbed to death with bayonets or shot dead with pistols.

 Of the 99 members of the regiment, only two survived, both privates: Albert Pooley and William O????????Callaghan. They lay among the dead until dark, then, in the middle of a rainstorm, they crawled to a farmhouse, where their wounds were tended. With nowhere else to go, they surrendered again to the Germans, who made them POWs. Pooley????????s leg was so badly wounded he was repatriated to England in April 1943 in exchange for some wounded German soldiers. Upon his return to Britain, his story was not believed. Only when O????????Callaghan returned home and verified the story was a formal investigation made. Finally, after the war, a British military tribunal in Hamburg found the German officer who gave the ???????Fire??????? order, Captain Fritz Knochlein, guilty of a war crime. He was hanged."
"A podcast you might enjoy putting 2001 against Interstellar

 https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/adventures-in-videoland/id1187665304?mt=2&i=1000389698647"
Anyone know the name of the music in the trailer?
another ww2 faggotry by some mainstream hack
"Hitler didn't want to fight England and gave orders to the Wehrmacht to let the English and French go.

 http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/dunkirk-75th-anniversary-real-reason-hitler-let-british-troops-go-1503201"
Can't wait, Nolan u absolute legend
See new Christopher Nolan film, click in 0.00000000000001 seconds
Haroldo ?????€???
Cmon, 400 thousand bullets couldn't stop 5 planes?
"Zimmer: ""Nolan, do you want Batman-ish score AGAIN?""
 Nolan: ""yeah, do it as always."""
Is it bad that I'm only here for Harry Styles.......?
Harry styles is ?????€???
harry styles ?????€?????????€?????????€?????????€????
Entspricht nicht ganz der Wahrheit. Die Wehrmacht hat Euch feigen Briten und Franzosen abziehen lassen. Wenn Hitler gewollt h????tte w????re nicht ein Soldat lebend vom Strand weck gekommen.
Would you look at all that white privilege!!!!
soldier: Where we going?! Old Man: #dunkirk ... we have job to do.
Harry wuuuu.....!!!!??????
I think i came a little bit
Enfin un film qui va raconter le vrai sacrifice des troupes fran????aise pour sauver les alli????s et le monde libre.
Probably everybody came here for Harry
Nolan+Zimmer = 10/10
aaaand this is where Nolan fails....
I could see this being a battlefield 1 trailer XD
I'm worried about this... doesn't feel right.
Wahkirk...
This movies bound to be good if Nolan directed it
NIce comercial. I Max will be proud.
QUIEN ESTA AQUI POR HARRY?
Amongst the men who took their boats out to Dunkirk was a man named Charles Lightoller. Lightoller was no stranger to disaster - he was the highest ranking officer to survive the Titanic disaster, and had served in WWI. During the sinking of the Titanic, he stayed until the ship actually went down, and was pushed to the surface by the ship's ventilation. He joined men atop an overturned lifeboat and directed them on how to shift their weight until they were rescued. At Dunkirk, the Admiralty tried to take his ship, but like many of the captains of those little ships, Lightoller chose not to give it over, but to sail it there and back himself. Rather a remarkable life.
"You can practically see it from trailer
 What?

 Osscar"
The most brilliant thing about the trailer is that we haven't even seen one single german soldier
00:47 WAIT...That was Harry Styles ???
wow...just wow....
Soundtrack by Hans Zimmer. Already loved it.
"one direction...

 ???????€?"
I guess that Cillian will be a submarine engineer that survived a torpedo attack. He stand on top of one and the soundtrack is called submarine.
And not even one single german was shown
0:41 SOLD.
What is the age classics?
who else watched the trailer 4times to understand it?
Will be playing lots of bf1 after I watch this
Guys you know this is a true story it's world war 1 and I'm not joking
This movie looks fucking incredible. The start of this trailer has such a fucking awesome scene. The shot of the fliers and the soldier picking it up and it just says "YOU. We Surround You". fucking damn.
Hope they don't whitewash the poor planning and lack of support...
?????????€??????? ?????€???????2000?????€????????????€?
They won't include the bit about Hitler sparing this army sitting with its a*se kicked on the beach. He stopped his generals from wiping the sitting ducks out or taking them prisoner -- he never wanted war with Britain and hoped his gesture would be reciprocated. The Brits returned with their big brother (the USA) four years later -- we'll just get the big bad German propaganda as usual.
What is this propaganda bullshit? Germany allowed 150 000 alliance soldiers to evacuate at Dunkirk. This Hollywood crap implies they have been slaughtered. My God, propaganda nowadays is worse than the Soviet one back in the days.
There was no miracle at dunkirk. You have to be dumber than dog dung to believe that you can escape on your little row boats. Tha nazis had us cornered. Hitler made a strategic decision to NOT mow down the brits in order to make peace on the western front. He actually respected the Brits. He was willing to do everything possible to make peace with the brits and focus his attention on the eastern front. I'm absolutely stunned and amazed at how the sheeple can believe the most absurd propaganda such as the "miracle" at dunkirk.
I'm just here for Harry Styles lol
I suppose all retreats are about survival. How about the British intellectual retreat from reason? Yeah, next movie will be them running from Muslims in the most non-racist way ever, lol.
Can someome please tell me the song in this trailer!!
0:48 Oh, I see Styles is acting now.
this looks like an amazing movie. I can't wait
"so excited for this movie????????????????????????
 excited to see Harry on screen????????????????????????????????????????????????????????"
Christopher you're the best ?????€????????€???
Anyone mind telling me why Charles H. Lightoller is not being portrayed in this film?
Why isn't "Sign of Times" softly in background. Y'all missed the mark! Waste of a great song written for this movie.this could be his "Skyfall".. Atleast give the lad the chance. It would be a great song to end it on.
Christopher Nolan with Hans Zimmer....wow awesome,i can't wait
Trailer 2 is so much better
it has a very jewish flavour to this movie , like the cut where evil nazi plane are attack a big ship with a red cross on it. oh vey !
Hope they show the Belgian and Canadian heroes of this battle too.
This is gonna be AMAZING
Man i can't wait for this movie
"Okay, so there's Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy, Harry Styles, Fionn Whitehead, shh.. I can't! too many good faces here. Where should I put my focus on?! DAMMIT NOLAN.
 .
 .
 .
 .
 .
 .
 no doubt about the movie tho. Are u kidding me? it's CHRISTOPHER NOLAN!"
nothing about the title or the trailer really entices me but its christopher nolan so it has to be good so definitely going to go see it
who made the flag on the car? top half (right way up) doesn't match the bottom (upside down)
this movies gonna kill it
Why is there always a ticking clock in the beginning. iirc Interstellar had this too.
Up to what age can you watch it?
So fuck everyone Tom Hardy is in this and it will be the greatest movie ever.
My father was on the beach, as he waded in the water he went down to be rescued by a sailor who pulled him out. 4 years later he was back in Normandy, he said every minute was exhausting and terrifying. 5 years of hell but he made it through even losing 3 tanks. Heroes, all of them.
song song?
Perhaps some of Harry's fans could learn a thing or two about British history; given that it is barely taught in schools anymore.
I can't wait for the movie
I'm very excited for this movie for reasons more than the fact that Harry Styles is in it. It's irrational because I don't even know him yet I'm so proud of him like I'm a friend of his. First creating an incredible album and now starring in such an anticipated film directed by such a well-respected person. 2017 is really his best year yet.
Spitfires does it for me
"My grandfather joined up in 1939 having already been shot and in the trenches of WW1 in his youth. He arrived home in Stockport from Dunkirk with pneumonia and was never properly well again.
 Need I remind everyone born into the world since 1945 that you probably would not have been born unless your parents were German and Aryan. Our parents would nave been part of slave races who would have been starved to death one the new German world was built.
 Dunkirk was a God given miracle that saved the world not just the British troops. Hitler was shown on propaganda newsreels after Dunkirk smiling and looking at England through binoculars. Luckily for all the peoples of the world he set his eyes instead on Russia. This gave time for us to build up the RAF for the Battle of Britain.
 The Winning of the Battle of Britain was the second miracle. Many houses of the people on fire were burnt as fire engines raced past to save factories. The Fire Brigades of Derby were detested by the people at times but it was say more important to build the engines for aircraft to fight for the the country.
 We are now faced with other races who want the world to work their way, with their inane laws and archaic attitudes to women. They want us to have their religion, to be mindless beings with no brain cells of our own. No freedom of speech - wasn't that Adolf's idea.
 Remember Manchester a few weeks ago.
 Go to watch this film. Watch the earlier Dunkirk movie. Tell your friends.
 Dunkirk was the miracle that saved the freedoms of the peoples of the world not just the British.
 Tonight I will say a liitle prayer for the forgotten French servicemen killed in the sinking of the French ships still in French ports after Dunkirk. Sunk by the British to be kept out of German hands.
 Never let anyone tell you that the Holocaust did not happen. I was born after 1947 but I saw the tattooed numbers on arms and also the scars on stomachs of several Jewish girls from sterilisations done without anaesthetic so they could work for the german army - not saying here how.
 Read up on how the slaves brought to the channel Islands were treated. That would have been our parents a few years on but for the little ships that brought our army home."
1915 ottoman .)))))))canakkale
turkey ottoman gall????poli 1915:::))))))ha ha
a frantic retreat out of europe and britain tries to make it into a victory, coupled with the fact that hitler allowed it as a goodwill gesture in order to get peace. i wont be watching this nonsense
Not going to lie when I saw the ad for this before a youtube video, I thought it said Dunwich and not Dunkirk. I was so pumped for a Lovecraftian tale of mystery and ungodly terror. Reading is important, kids. Stay in school.
When the film is shown in the cinema
I'm so excited for this movie purely because I love Christopher Nolan and war movies. Pls don't start screaming once u see Harry it isn't his movie - it's a movie based on true events and should be respected like any other war movie ?????€??€?
exited to see this movie for my bro Harry Styles???????€? and of course it's a masterpiece coz it's by Nolan
A PG-13 rated war movie? Are you fucking kidding me? Has Nolan Ever seen a war movie? They're not supposed to be fun, light action movies. They're supposed to be realistic and brutal. They're supposed to have an impact on the audience. Nolan's first two movies, Memento and Insomnia, were rated R, and they were great. But it seems like Nolan thinks that since all his other movies were PG-13, that means PG-13 is the only way to go. Well all his previous movies just happen to work as PG-13, because they have no content that should be higher level, but this definitely will. And is Nolan really dumb enough to think an R rating will limit the audience? When I saw Deadpool, most people in the theater looked 12 years old. The fact that it was directed by Nolan means the theaters will be full of teens, regardless of the rating. Teens also seem to love war movies in general. But still, Nolan decided to severely reduce creativity in an attempt to make a little more money. This is going to be a bunch of watered down crap. When people die, they'll just look like they're passing out drunk. I thought Nolan was above this kind of bullshit. And it's a real shame, because Nolan is a great director, I'm sure he could've made a great war movie if he wasn't such a pussy. Fucking pathetic. Seriously, either grow a pair and make a proper war movie or don't make a war movie at all.
I was like "Wow, that guy looked like Harry." Scroll down, read comments "Wow, that was Harry. "
Harry Styles????????
Watching cus of Harry?????€??€?
Jarriii, JARRI STAILS
Is this the new Harry Potter film people keep talking about?
I want to just say, if one direction or Harry fans want to see this movie purely for Harry, let them see it ! it won't hurt you in the slightest. I like Harry but this movie also seems really good ! so it's more like a double win for me. there is no use making fun of the people who like Harry styles and wanna see this movie purely for Harry. just leave them alone and let them enjoy. no need to be a bitch about it.
#Harry
The cross should be an equals sign
Does anybody know the name of the actor speaking at 1:20?
0:43 you can literally feel the emotions of this movie. Man I can't wait
YES..,.. YES....... YES........!!!!
I like Nolan's movies. The way he directs movies is just ?????€???
who else just wanna watch bc of harry????????????????????????
Gotta see this !!!
f yeah i love harry styls
How much will it gross in the US? I say $88 million. And another $130 million?? international.
o my good harry
Onistly im only waching it cause Harry styles is in it but it seems like a good movie but i hope to god harry doesnt die
I going to watch this movie just because i want to see Harry there???????€?
"""We have defeated the wrong enemy""
 - General George S. Patton 1945"
more jew propaganda. Hitler wanted peace and allowed the allies to leave. the one key piece of info all you so called "historians" are leaving out is if Hitler wanted them all dead they had NAVAL superiority by way of Uboat at that time and would have sunk them all.
actually thought it was about the French ship the dunkerque lmao
You know the Germans couldve easily taken them out. I think to a degree they wanted them to surrender. Hitler did not want war with the British as Adolf Galland said after the war.
Levante la mano quien est???? aqui por Harry ahre
What year is this movie set in?
Necesito verla
I just came to see harold
"The Winner of WW II

 #But

 One of british general, Mallaby, get killed during battle of Surabaya 1945, when Indonesian people againts british occupation in Surabaya after Japan capitulation.

 The Surabaya youth only used the remaining weapons and grenades from Japanese soldiers who surrendered to the allies, and succesfuly kick out british from Surabaya city.

 Cool...."
Call of Duty WW2 trailer looks amazing
who else has been reading the history of Dunkirk to prepare for this movie?
01:36 Song?
my baby is in this movie ????????????
Honestly I'm just here cause the movie looks fucking good and I wanna see it don't care who's in it
Omg I don't usually watch movies but this one is a MUST to watch gave me chills.
Dunkirk was known as the Phony War because nothing freaking happened!
Dunkirk did not happen like this AT ALL!
PG-13 ?!?!?!?!?! WHYYYYYY?!?!?!?!?!
This movie wouldn't exist if the British Empire and France didn't declare war on Germany. Pretty stupid to declare war against Germany of the fear to lose your empire, and only to lose it because of the war. lol
whatswith these cancerous fans of harry styles?
If I'm honest Harry's one of the reasons I INITIALLY wanted to watch the movie, but then I though 'what's the movie about, will I like it?' So I did a bit of research on the history of Dunkirk and I'm also going to enjoy the movie for that aspect. So for anyone saying that I won t appreciate the movie because I all I want to see is harry. I call fucking bullshit.
Shit
Christopher Nolan ,is Christopher Nolan...
I remember my great grandpa was a british cpt during dunkirk he died during caen but he had a french friend sacrificed his life just to help his british friend he got headshoted by a german sniper
Guess who directed and made the music for Interstellar? I have high expectations, and I know they will be exceeded. Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer are the perfect dream equation.
1:28 for the good part.
i Just watch cause Harry is in there:)
Any extras here?
THE ONLY REASON I CARE IS BC HARRY
Holy shit It's Harry Styles ????????????????
I blame it all on the cowardly French for surrendering to the Germans after a few days...
Please be a good movie, please be a good movie...
"Of the 400,000 men, well-mentioned in the film, nearly 340,000 will be evacuated in 9 days by the so-called Operation Dynamo (June 26-3).
 This unexpected success (the British General Staff only expected to save 45,000 men at the base) is the major consequence of the sacrifice of the French soldiers who fought to the end heroically while the British had deserted Edge at the beginning of the Dynamo operation.
 35,000 French soldiers will be taken prisoner, I let you count the dead .. The bulk of the losses of the battle of Dunkerque did not occur in the areas and on the beaches which were harassed by the German planes ""only"" 3 days On the 9th (because of the intense smoke and low clouds) but in the suburbs of the city by the soldiers of General Fagalde who struggled heroically at 1 against 10 or even more!

 This is only a trailer but it does not bode well. I will wait for the first critics to go see him in the cinema but if the Anglo-Saxons still shit on the French army I will boycott the film."
Looks good but I don't get why so many movie makers use the jerechio trumpet from the Ju-87 for Bf-109's
0:20 - the sound from the world engine in Man of Steel is now a ubiquitous sound effect in trailers.
i saw harry styles drowning while using a float vest
there are not enough Niggers in this movie they should put more Niggers in the movie they should add more Niggers even tho there werent Niggers at Dunkirk they should put Niggers in the movie because there arent enough Niggers in movies or television
This should be as good as Saving Private Ryan if not better.
Spoiler tag please.. now I know Tommy and Alfie survive the series til WW2.
ocean?
One of the scariest trailer
this movie shows how karma works britisher rule india for 100 yrs shot innocent people and those people in order to save their lives jump in a well in JALIAWALA BAGH now this movir shows every action have equal and opposite reaction and this is called karma
Nolan movies are great, but boring. Hopefully I like this one
Why those german fighters have yellow east front marking? 0:35 1:04 1:47
world war 2 is such an old subject.... i bet this movie is gonna suck big time... doesn't matter if it's directed by Nolan
I
It's looks pretty amazing and I cannot wait to see it. I hope it gets the juices flowing for various writers/directors for more ww2 movies to roll out. I thought I read somewhere there may be a Pegasus bridge film in the works? So many thousands of stories that could be told, bring them please.
Vive La France resistance!!!!!
This trailer deserves an Oscar.
Should we expect any German infantry in this? I don't see any in the trailers...
"cade a kegenda dessa merda!? TNC! carai!
 BR BRhu3hu3uh3uh3"
hurry up and come to piracy
I like movies like this as it brings me closer to knowing somewhat my granduncle and grandfather went through in my granduncles case he lost his life in 1917 in Ypres in Belgium and obviously my grandad is the veteran sadly and I didn't know this earlier but he suffered ptsd for many years post war but knowing he got through it and was a fantastic grandad to me the first six years of my life gives me strength to fight my own depression and. Anxiety gone but not forgotten lest we forget Nicholas sylvester flood 2/6/1896 - 16/9/1917 & Joseph Vincent flood 26/4/1894- 1/8/1981
Harry????????????????
"christopher nolan and hans zimmer...the perect duo...
 this movie will be awesome.."
It better talk about what french did during those days. Because it's all about them
???????????????????€????? ????????????????????????????????? ?? ???????????????????? ???€????????????????????????????????? ???????????€? ???????€????? ???????? ???€?????????????
What about the 35,000 French soldiers who sacrificed their lives to defend the embarkation until the end, and the 123,000 others who were embarked together with the British soldiers ?
2017 sacaran una nueva pelicula que sea despues de interestellar habemos muchos fans que nos quedamos con intriga de que paso despues por favor hango o solo una version extendida de la pelicula que explique lo que paso despues
hary
I just hope that Nolan has not "forgotten" in his movie the sacrifice of the 16,000 French soldiers who fought despite the overwhelming superiority of German troops (1 to 20) to the point of creating the admiration of the German generals and were died to allow the evacuation of British troops who were ordered not to participate in the fighting for the defense of the Dunkirk pocket. I wait you Nolan.
whalosh :)
Nolan is the only one whose movie i can watch without even seeing the trailer
wtf is harry styles doing in movie
Yeah Harry Styles
Harryyyyuyyyyy!!!!!!!!????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
can't wait for this movie!I've been waiting since May!
song at 1:29 :)?
harry stiles...... HARRY STILES????? the little long haired fairy bopper???? in a WAR picture??? prolly as the 'nitely ' entertainment for sure!!!! bet there was some fun in those foxholes wink wink...Otherwise could be a good film
"and the Oscar goes to .......
 dunkirk"
Does anyone remember the last time Christopher Nolan made a controversial casting decision? He cast Heath Ledger from A Knight's Tale and Brokeback Mountain as the Joker and look how that turned out. I trust Nolan's resolve as a filmmaker, he wouldn't cast Styles for publicity or to try to woo in a female audience, he cast him because he thought he'd be the best fit for the story he's trying to tell.
I wonder how many people here know the REAL history of what happened at Dunkirk...and why. Hitler had been trying to make peace with the British ever since they declared war on Germany in September 1939. Hitler had been making repeated peace overtures to the Brits, and they were extremely generous & genuine offers that... anyone besides a warmonger would have accepted. Hitler 2anted peace with the Brits so badly that he ALLOWED the British to escape at Dunkirk as a demonstration of his sincerity and a show of good faith. He obviously misjudged his opponent and blundered by expecting gratitude and a new ally.....
Why you even bother about those cowards mr Nolan? The biggest act of cowardness in human history. While Poland was bleeding out waiting for help from their French and English allies they were dropping leaflets from planes on Berlin. And in the end they sold us to Soviet Union, screw them all
There is no glory in death, only death.
i find it hella funny that everyone is complaining about Harry Styles' fans watching the movie ... that they're a bunch of "13-year olds" who will be "screaming everytime he pops ups on screen" guess what? We age too lmao, we have been "13" ever since 2010, several of his fans are most likely in their 20's, they've matured.
Looks like another epic movie from Christopher nolan
I just want the song at 1:30...
"YAY.. LESS THEN A MONTH LEFT.. CAN'T WAIT TO SEE MY BABY...
 HAZZZZZZ"
"Did you say Christopher Nolan??

 Take my money"
I'm so so pleased finally a Film has been made of our lads on the beaches of Dunkirk. As a British Medic my grandfather was one of these men trapped and selected to stay back to help protect & Support the line while others were evacuated.! I spent years talking to him about WW2 and Dunkirk and now miss him dearly. It just pains me that many if not most of our boys are now no longer here to know this film was made. My Grandfather was Knighted for his efforts in ww2 and going on to set up The National Ex prisoner Of War Association that still runs today in support of our troops captured by the enemy. POW. I will watch this film with a tear but proud! Thank you Warner Bros. Pictures..! Yours Thankfully. Mike Richards.
Christopher nolan really love Tom hardy
Good thing Britannia ruled the waves and the RAF was a match for the Luftwaffe.
la voy a ir a ver s????lo por mi #kiwi
Love Christopher Nolane, but I hope this is not a PG-13 war movie..
Let's hope Nolan has made an accurate historical depiction of this battle showing that 35000 French soldiers stood tall heroically till the end to cover the retreat of the Allies saving 338 226 lives both Brits and French. #NoMoreWhiteFlagJokes
kubrick's vision + spielberg's execution = nolan.
Ahahaha heroic retreat of cowards that change the word - it's very funny ???????€?
I love these types of movies but Nolan's leaves me empty.
YOU BETTER WORK HARRY
I guess it's a sign of the times
I didn't even realize one of the One Direction boys was in this movie, I just really love movies about past wars.
The evacuation of Dunkirk was an act of God. Hitler could have ended the war but God intervened.
guess it's always been difficult for Britain to leave Europe..
Nolan and Zimmer about to make a masterclass !!!!
1:28 whats the name of this song???
This is gonna be a great movie for sure, looking forward to it
Is this movie still coming out?
"You can practically see it from here.
 What ?
 Another master piece from C. Nolan !"
Positive most of the people going to watch this will be teenage girls
ya muero por verla????????
#DunkirkMovie
Brexit the movie hahaha
Is this the gallipoli??
Anyone like the music in this trailer?
Im sick of those heroic war movies. You know what a good war movie was? Fury. Or Saving Private Ryan. It showed that all sides did war crimes.
I hope the Dutch won't be forgotten in this movie. Usually the Dutch people are left out of American or British movies. But there were some brave Dutch sailors that came to Dunkirk to help evacuate soldiers and civillians. Unfortunately they probably won't occure in this movie
Dunkirk, ahh good old days
Is Mad Jack represented in this movie? Seeing a officer with a sword and bow fighting in this movie would be cool.
please release in hindi
Bravo, Nolan
better if zayn and isis would have join in a movie uk against islamics #Prayformanchester lmao
"Christopher Nolan?
 Fuck yes."
I didn't even notice that was Harry Styles.
Harry est???? bien papi riko ????????
whats the song at 1:29
A movie about the heroic escape from Germans... damn present, you scary...
The trailers are chilling and beautiful. I'm surprised To see all these comments on harry styles, but if it gets people in the seats, I'll say it's brilliant marketing at the least
why so much hyped for this movie this is shit man
Britain fought hard against Germany only to surrender to Islam.
hans <3
I'm watching this movie I'm all about war and military stuff
OMG HARRY
The f*ck was that?!!
I'm glad they're finally making a movie on Dunkirk and how much it meant in WW2. Hitler had obliterated the British and French leading up to this.
I will watch it just because of MR THOMAS SHELBY
HAZZA
This is not just going to be a must-see film in fhe theaters, but perhaps one of the best movies I might ever see.
I am seriously looking forward to this
I was going to watch this movie just because Harry was in it. But not anymore. The movie is about history, and that's pretty interesting in movies for me. It actually looks good, I'm ready to watch it.
In both trailers we can see Dunkirk's streets, beaches, harbour, footages of boats and aerial combat. In all of this there is absolutly no noticeable french soldiers, civilians or even french equipments, boats and planes! In the other hand, the germans, who , contrary to the french were not inside Dunkirk, are well represented by at least five different german aircrafts with their pilots! WTF?!
You would all complain about american propaganda if this was about americans. Fucktards
I could bet half the people who wanted to watch this was because of Harry Styles I also wanted to but when I saw the trailer I really didn't care about him anymore the whole movie looks very interesting
It would be good to see this film at a cinema, but the smell of wee from Harry's fans will spoil the experience.
I can't believe harry stiles is in it
I have very high hopes for this film. Thank heavens it's not another Tom Hanks Movie
AIB CORRUPT DOCTORS POLITICIANS CORRUPT RELIGION PEOPLE , THOSE WHO DISRESPECT AND MOCK SADHGURU , LOGIC SLAVES , MAGIC SLAVES, AMAZON.IN, SWIGGY, GAYS WHO BOTHER STRAIGHT MEN, ENINEM HATERS,
Long live England!!?????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???
OH MI GATO! HARRY!!!! (lloro)
"Haha,

 Quand on habite Dunkerque, difficile de pas reconna????tre certain b????timent un peu trop moderne pour l'????poque......

 Certaines fen????tres en PVC, les portiques vue de la digue du break, les cables ????lectriques sur les fa????ades, les HF 2 et 4 d'Arcelor???????€?"
No point in even seeing the movie to give it all the awards. All I need to see is Nolan and Zimmer to know it's a master piece.
Looks boring. Another war movie. Stupid Nolan fanatics going to make fool of them again hahaha
This is a really good trailer, with a really good score.
other directors promote their movies by stating other movies they've directed. Christopher Nolan starts with his own name= legend
So....What part is Sam L Jackson POSSIBLY playing in this one?
where are all the directioners out there
I can see the cast from inception?????€????????????????€???????????
looks like typical propaganda
"The biggest British military blunder in history...what you lot do not
 know, is that Hitler ALLOWED them to escape across the channel in
 merchant vessels! They we're completely surrounded and for 2 days,
 Hitler's staff begged with him to eradicate them, but Hitler in his
 madness - believed he could still negotiate a peace treaty with Britain,
  and ALLOWED them to flee ignominiously! Churchill - the vile scum he
 was - would have known of it, and sub sequentially we had 60 million
 dead. The first year of white war 2 was called the 'phony war' the real
  killing would start thanks to the warmongering psychopath Churchill,
 and the other lunatic allied leaders. Of course all you kids will have
 been sold a bill of goods at school, and believe Hitler wanted to take
 over the world...utterly pathetic, he failed to take Russia let along
 the other 190 countries out there...wake up, start thinking for
 yourselves, and see through the bloody propaganda!!"
The truth is that Hitler stopped the offensive outside Dunkirk, and ordered the Luftwaffe and Wehrmacht to not push with full force. Because he hoped that he and Churchill could make a deal. He could have slaughtered the whole army easy, but spared them in good faith. THAT is the truth, ask any historian.
I faught my brother for this film and m watching this bcoz of Harry ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? love u Harry and muaahhhhhhhhh
Million indian africans sikhs hindus muslims faought for coalition forces and only thing you show is white people is kinda sick.
Song name
I can't Wait for this movie, it's debut of Harry Styles. In the end, this boy is more than we knows.
Tom Hardy?????? M not missing this???????€?
wow it's a great war movie and superb direction of Christopher Nolan
I'm looking forward to seeing this.
This film is about how the British troops cowardly and shamefully fled the battlefield. This film is about how they threw their French allies when the Germans split them into two parts in France. There is nothing more disgraceful than running away from the battlefield! A movie about cowards, a movie about cowardice! However, like the whole history of Britain ..
The peaky blinders fans where are you at?
"This is ambiguous coming from Nolan and Zimmer. They are so talented in creating an great subtextual message through fictional story. I'm excited to see how they mix a such important part of human history with cinema.

  I'm 100 percent sure they nailed it"
I fear that this will be a good movie...
"""From Christopher Nol-""
 Sold."
Christopher Nolan + The Leader Of Peaky Blinders + Tom Hardy .. what the f**ck is gonna happen in this movie !
The new Battlefield game looks amazing!
It doesn't get much better than Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer.
Without the Americans the British are nothing.
I think I saw that this movie is PG. Did I read that right?
That looks fucking amazing.
looks boring
Prepare for a f*ckload of Oscars!
It's a masterpiece making a movie located in France with no French in it. Suggesting a different version of History which never happened. some people could call that historical revisionism. They did the same in Edge of Tomorrow, but at least it was SF and they had the excuse Aliens ate all french people before. I suggest you watch "Week end at Zuydcoote" instead. Old movie but really more accurate historically.
Is Harry Styles starring in this? (1:39)
Saving Private Ryan was made in 1998. It's nearly 20 years later, yet not one has been able to capture war like Spielberg did. Why? Nothing comes close.
Song name?
This will gonna be a painful move
Already 20 mill veiws it's going to be a good movie
Harry Styles Wuuuuuuuuuuuuttttttttttttttttttttt
hello person get me to 3000 likes
This has almost 21 million views????? Oh man can't wait to see the whole thing!
^ If Battlefield 1 was a movie...
The impression of this movie outdid everything. Inspired mate
"Spoiler alert





 The Germans lost"
One thing we are all coming to theaters nolan. We love you outdid everything just the way it should be and how we wanted.
I hope Han Zimmer's music in this trailer makes it into the actual soundtrack... Because it's amazing.
wowwwwww
Christopher Nolan movie s are only educated people is under stood. my opinion the great of director Nolan takes a difficult subject , showing in the screen in a simple way and combined emotion. I hope this movie is different from his past movies and will get a oscars. I wish to all team members of Christopher Nolan movie s .
"I hate how every one say britain ran away (they did but would you stay in france and fight for france if the french army was always running away and leaving you and getting in the way?) I would say if you cant stand your ground I am not fighting your battles for you and I would go home to protect my land and family
 because if france didnt have the heart to hold their own ground for their familys then if you die who going to protect yours? (not france)"
A pg-13 war movie I'm TRIGGERED!!!!!!!!!!
What's the plot? I'm excited but confused
Great another WW2 because we don't have hundreds of those. I am so fucking tired of WW2 movies
funny how I didn't even realize it was Harry styles just because I dislike their music means I dislike their acting actually who I'm really set to see are the older man driving the boat and other civilians who went
#rememberdunkirk World of tanks brought me here
well Wargaming mentioned this movie ! its gotta be good ...
When the German rapes the Brits so hard. [insert ww2 memes here]
I would like you to make a movie about the Malvinas War, well told with stories from both sides, a good movie like this, that was never made, with this quality.
We shall draw from the heat of suffering itself the means of inspiration and survival
I am gonna kms
Finally a WWII movie without Murica
why is it pg-13?
before AMERICA entered the War...we kicked ass and was never stranded or ran like cowards!!
before AMERICA entered the War...we kicked ass and was never stranded or ran like cowards!!
British are very bad soldiers and at fight, if there was not americans and soviets, europe will be under nazi germans control today.
Out of all the movies being released in 2017, this film has potential to be nominated (and possibly win) for Best Picture
Nolan has always been known to cast "Unpopular" choices for movies. Yet ever single movie has turned out a lot better than anyone could imagine. If Styles is a good actor for this role, let it go. I'm excited to see this.
A PG-13 rated war movie? That's like an R rated Pixar movie.
i will watch this
0:47 harryyyyyyyy!!!
Im soooooooooo ready to watch this movie hahahahaha
"Where are we going?

 School

 I'm not going back

 Theres no hiding from this son,you have homework to do

 If I go there I'll die"
You can tell clearly already that they are laying it up for a sequel.
I'm crying just from the trailer no thanks
Tom is wearing a mask again? UGH
Interstellar = Nolan + Zimmer. Best movie in a decade. Dunkirk = Nolan + Zimmer. Helllooooo?
if harry style die i will cry????????????????
I already know I'm going to weep when I watch this.
Would you guys stop it with Harry Harry Harry...just chillax and feast your eyes at Nolan's masterpiece
Definitely going to watch the movie...Christopher nolan movies always good
And then they find Norman Reedus on the beach looking for his disappeared baby.
"DIRECTED BY CHRISTOPHER NOLAN?!
 EYY MOM, I WANT SOME FKIN MONEY!"
Yo s????lo veo a Harry.???????€?????????
I love Harry Styles. I can't wait to see this.!!!???????€????????€????????€?
If Harry styles dies the whole cinema hall will hear me cry ???????? really bad
What is DUNKIRK?
during the battle of Dunkirk hundreds of French soldiers died defending the British retreat. Never forget that
CoD 2 is better...
too excited for this
I really hope this isn't based all around the British, hope they mention the french that literally saved their lives outnumbered 20 to 1 against Elite German Troops.
One thing I love about Nolan's trailers is they always include scenes that won't spoil the entire movie but enough to attract audiences. I believe that Dinkirk will do the same.
i know it's petty but i wish every BF-109 used in these movies wasn't a freaking ha 1112, yea i know they're damn near the same airframe but the spanish version is ugly. it's so ugly. the nose cone and exhaust tubes are just... ugly. i want my bf-109 e's with their stupid struts and boxy wings >.<
british baboons propaganda
harry freeakin styles
HAZZA
Survive two world wars only to be replaced by third world filth
Harry Styles isn't even a main character in this film, so theres no point in going to see it if you just want to see him.
?????€????????€????????€???
I have a feeling that THIS will be Nolan's year to be at minimum nominated for Best Director, Best Picture. If he doesn't at the least get nominated, the Academy is WORTHLESS. I have seen the 7 minute clip on IMAX 70mm FILM and it was breathtaking. The ONLY way to see this film is IMAX 70mm FILM. That is how Nolan WANT'S it to be seen or he wouldn't have shot the ENTIRE FILM with IMAX FILM cameras! No one has EVER done that for a Major Motion Picture. This is movie making HISTORY. Drive as far as you have to in order to see it in this format. It will be 100% worth it. I guarantee it!!
This movie looks gorgeous. With my boy Christopher making it, it should be amazing. I also really love movies that are based on true stories about war.
Cinematography looks amazing
Like si s????lo vas a ver Dunkirk por Harry Styles!
Harry Styles ??????
Loved it
I'm watching this movie because harry styles is in it
will batman appear
wow, I didn't know a movie about Brexit was made already.
who's here for Christopher Nolan and Tom Hardy not for a fucking boy band member?
when you just finish you test in ww2 and you see this movie
"_You can practically see it from here
 _What
 _The oscars"
it was amazing movie
00:47 Harry styles?????
0:47 ... tell me Harry Styles isn't trying to be an actor now too?
American British bias -_-WOW
I hope one direction haters will respect Harry Styles more after this movie!
How can a war movie be PG-13?!? Saving Private Ryan was Rated R which made it more realistic and is gonna remain the better movie of the two. Nolan is a hack who seems to care more about money.
1 Hafta ????ncesinde Gemiye ????????k????yorum 21 Temmuz de????ilde 11 Temmuz olayd???? ????zg????n????m sinemada izleyemeyece????im art????k sonra ????n????. iyi bir TV de orjinal dvd de ?????????
the trailer us good, but the movie? ih hope so
Every actor starts somewhere. If Harry wants to act, let him do so. Christopher Nolan wouldn't have casted him if he wasn't good. Funny thing is that everyone doubted his choice on Heath Ledger as the Joker. From the small clips shown, Harry seems natural and blends in with the rest of the actors. Anyways, I am super excited to see this movie!
best director for Nolan I see it now
looks like Nolan has DONE IT AGAIN
weirdly edited trailer. idk not convincing, 2nd was much better
who else came here to see harry styles just me? k???????€????????€????????€?
Dunkirk The Greatest Emergency Evacuation of Mainland Europe Against The Nazis
Hitler let 400.000 british and allied soldiers to go home when he could easily capture them or kill them.
tom hardy and cillian Murphy... say no more
this movie is about the evacuation of dunkirk, yet most of these comments have nothing to do with that event.
Harry rockkkk mannnn
vou ver tantas directioners no cinema
"there were 3 fans from this movie
 - Harry Fans
 - Nolan Fans
 - Hans Zimmer Fans"
I love all these comments about Harry fans being 13 years old. Please we actually grew up with these boys most of us that have been fans since 2012 are between the ages 17-21 lol so stop. Second this movie is going to be one of the best due to the fact Nolan is a great director and knows what he's doing . Don't underestimate the movie because harry styles is in it.
"Nolan where are the French ? Please do a factual movie and not some incomplete story that will stick into kids/young adults memories, remember Inglorious Bastard ?

 The French held a defence to help the Brits escape. For 9 days, from may 25th to June the 3th, fighting 20 times as many Germans without supply lines, 11,000 died and the lucky one who escaped to England were sent back the same day on French ground.

 ""These Frenchmen, under the gallant leadership of general Molini????, had for four critical days contained no less than seven German divisions which otherwise could have joined in the assaults on the Dunkirk perimeter. This was a splendid contribution to the escape of
 their more fortunate comrades of the BEF""

 ??????€? Winston Churchill"
okay but WWHO GOT HIT AT 1:40 ?
I want to see this so bad
you know its an honour to live in this era with legends like "Hans Zimmer,Christopher Nolan,Leonardo DiCaprio,Heath Ledger,Hugh Jackman and now Tom Hardy
"the enemy tanks have stopped" they probably got one shot'd by artillery.
"The trailer make it look like they are only focusing on the brits
 Are we going to get another Battlefield propaganda?"
The 'Saving Private Ryan" for this Millineum.
THE GRAPHICS ON WW2 LOOK SO GOOD. GOOD JOB TREYARCH
HARRY STYLES OMFG HE IS SO TOTALLY HOT HE JUST MADE ME WANT TO SEE THAT MOVIE
If fookin Harry Styles gets more time on the fookin screen then fookin Tom Hardy i'm going to do fooking nothing
I better hear some Aces High by Ironmaiden
I'll probably cry watching this movie knowing me
In one of the most widely debated decisions of the war, the Germans halted their advance on Dunkirk. Contrary to popular belief, what became known as the "Halt Order" did not originate with Adolf Hitler. Field Marshals Gerd von Rundstedt and G????nther von Kluge suggested that the German forces around the Dunkirk pocket should cease their advance on the port and consolidate, to avoid an Allied breakout. Hitler sanctioned the order on 24 May with the support of the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht (OKW). The army was to halt for three days, which gave the Allies sufficient time to organise the Dunkirk evacuation and build a defensive line. Despite the Allies' gloomy estimates of the situation, with Britain even discussing a conditional surrender to Germany, in the end more than 330,000 Allied troops were rescued.
nolan will never dissapoint us
What's the song thoooo
"Pirates of the Caribbean
 Dunkirk"
if nolan make movie on jockey undergarment ...i have to go and watch it..........obsession
I think the end song Lorn "Acid Rain". that's the slapppp
"The hypocrisy of this movie is there are only white people in it,
 Britain didn????????t fight the second world war ??????€? the British empire did, where half the army were of different color. included"
"Me: Walks into theater
 See's a bunch of 12 year old girls in all the seats
 Walks out"
From my favorite director my dude from the peaky blinders and my other husbands say no more
Spoiler Alert: Hitler dies and the Allies win
400,000 men and equipment! You cowards!!!
#inNOLANwetrust ^_^
Oh, those bloody Germans, how i hate them, these bastards!...Wait a minute...I am german! Oh, those bloody English! Four worldcups and one worldpope!
I s2g if harry die in this movie i'm coming for Noland
May I know who are those Assholes! who disliked this video ???????€?
Harry drowns nooo why ????????????????????????????????????????????????
???????????? TUBELIGHT is a movie of Zhu Zhu & Salman Khan ( Bhaijaan ) & this movie is going to achieve a new historical record in entire world. This movie is going to release on 25 June, 2017 in China & India together !!! it will also be played in cinema hall of other countries in the world as China & India. TUBELIGHT teaser already gained a huge respond from fan of Salman Khan worldwide & became a record breaking news!!! best of luck Salman, Zhu Zhu & TUBELIGHT. ?????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???
what happens at 1:38?
Man, what a great trailer. Can't wait to see the movie!
Harry styles <3
Song of The Trailer ?
the most Stylish director of our generation is Definitely Sir Christopher Nolan ??????????????€????????€????????€???
Cant wait to see I. Its a don't miss, cant miss Movie. Very touching,sad
HARRY FUCKING STYLES!!! WHAT THE FUCK! ACTUALLY FAN GIRLING SO BADLY! HARRRYRYYYYY OH MY FUCKING GOD. IIII CANNNNNNTTTT EVEEEENNNN!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
Great a WW2 Movie is filmed about the British for a change...
will those ww2 movie ever end?
And to think thease men gave there lives so muslims could piss on there graves
I watch in the future for Harry :))
"the gameplay and graphics was 100% LIT!!!!!


 oh wait...... this is not the leaked gameplay of COD WW2..."
"Best was the Airfight for me. War again in Dunkirk.....somebody or many will tell many to kill most of the 400 000
 of
 I am sure in UK


 ohhh french are missing. Did not General Patton say: i prefer 3 german divison against me then 3 french divison behind me? Sorry it hurts but France never can forget how Hitler and his army was taking Paris in only 4 weeks. They dont touch Paris like destroy all we know in world about Paris........Sorry the only country in 2 WWW beaten by German but still was fighting against them as Partizan and in guerilla mode which really can be called and proud that German put all they got to kill Tito. Leader of Yugoslavia Communist Party didnt give up and dont get free just after so many US / UK soldiers died only D Day. Before they get in Paris.....they leave the first military as symbol walking in. Should show how very important they fight against but honestly without USA they didnt fight like in Yugoslavia."
I feel like Harry might do a good job in this movie because i read somewhere about Chris Nolan praising him. I just don't want the theater to be full with Harry Styles fans. If he dies and they start crying and i cant hear the movie, somebody better stop me before i slap them all to reality.
looks fucking amazing
I love this music
Great Brittain wanted to lose versus Nazi Germany, I see no other explanation to Dunkirk and some later events, 400,000 soldiers with heavy weaponry didn't have to run, they could also get supplies through the sea!
this is a war movie not a fucking pop star movie go away fangirls
ver a los soldados haciendo cola en la playa me doli???? el coraz????n
"Anyone else excited about James D'Arcy?!
 Loved him as Jarvis"
the nazis won the battle of dunkirk just for historical reference
Is Hans Zimmer composing the soundtrack? I love his music
And not a single cigar smoking BAR wielding US Rangers in sight. Who knew it was even possible?
If the German army wanted to annihilate the soldiers what were trapped on the beach they could of... Hitler life was spared in ww1 by a British soldier so I believe he spared these soldiers lives and allowed them to escape.
This will probably be one of my favorite war-themed movies of all time especially directed by Christopher Nolan. Also, starring Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, Harry Styles, etc!! OMYGAHH!! This movie is going to be a hit!! 2 more months and it's up on cinemas!! Woot wootI wonder if Bryan Singer and Christopher Nolan will do a film together... Hoping for the best!!
What an epic soundtrack
Christopher Nolan? never heard of her.
waiting!
"Churchill gave up the British Empire to help Comrade Stalin save his.
 Now, London is majority non-White and will soon be part of the Islamic Empire. Europe will be half Muslim in 30 years.
 This whole tragedy - which is forever for all your White decedents - stems from WWII and FDR's & Churchill's desire to save Communism."
why do British people vote for FACISTS....?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ??????
Christopher Nolan can make a movie out of a portrait painting or....just a smudge on a wall & we'll still enjoy it. Haha....He's that good. And the fact that he talks like a gentleman & quite calm about his work, his team/cast in the interviews & behind the scenes; has made us respect him more as a movie maker. He's truly a humble talented person
Breaks my heart this trailer.. couldn't imagine what these young men went through
It's gonna bomb, too much water.
Why waste precious tanks when they can pick us off from the air like fish in a barrel'. Most British line ever.
"run covards run !
 and
 new france flag ... wighte"
WWII stories are so fascinating to me. There's this idea about wars like this that you can't hide, you can't run away, you can't ignore it. It's terrible, it's brutal and every move you make is 100% more important than it would be otherwise. And personally knowing of people who fought in WWII, it's insane to imagine having all that resting on your shoulders as you are standing there, wondering if you'll live or you'll die in the next few moments. I knew of a man who told me he stormed the beaches on D-Day and of his entire battalion, only him and one other man survived. People who forget about how terrifying war actually is are the ones who suggest to go to war again. Everyone should see this movie.
Harry Styles "Sign of the times " should be a soundtrack of this movie ??????????????????????
This looks nowhere near as powerful as the Dunkirk scene in Atonement, also why the fuck did he cast Harry Styles? For attention? I guess it's working.
what's this movie all about
running mans = heros , LoL
The people commanding the merchant vessels to rescue the British soldiers contributed more to the war than France.
Why does that man jump into the water at 0:43? is he committing suicide?
I don't think I could watch Harry Styles die. After listening to his solo music I've gain a lot of respect for him.
am i the only one who thinks that this trailer was much better then the new one he released
this was filmed in my home town, Weymouth in the UK. :)
oh what a surprise, the comments section is filled with idiotic shit.
and.... where's Harry?
Harry ????????(/^???€???^)/
Historically highly inaccurate - but looks epic though...
Harry Styles...let's hope it's like what Nolan did to Heath Ledger
I have the upmost faith that not only will this movie be phenomenal but also Harry Styles will great as well. And I don't even like One Direction. I just have a lot of faith in this movie.
the battle of Dunkirk the allied failure to keep Nazi Germany out of France i dont know how may people died but it can be summed up with two words "blood bath"
"Soundtrack
 https://soundcloud.com/user-631528333/schwarz-by-bastian-bluhm"
AHA who's scared now Crane !
TOTAL BS yes the Brits were surrounded at Dunkirk and the Germans intentionally let them off the hook. They believed the Brits were much like them and didn't want a blood bath. How's that for your history lesson. There was no "saving precious tanks" so pick them off from the air.
Christopher Nolan is due a fuckin flop,this won't be it.
2017 BEST UPCOMING MOVIES || Trailer || Anticipated Movies || Official Trailer|| [HD]
2017 BEST UPCOMING MOVIES || Trailer || Anticipated Movies || Official Trailer|| [HD]
"omg that should be a really good movie !
 xoxo"
The Germans gave such an ass whooping to the BritShits that they'll remember it forever. If not for the USA, Germany would have had UK for lunch.
world war 2 film??
Harry??????
I'm gonna scream the loudest inside the cinema ever if Harry Styles dies. Beware!
await
Brexit!
the color pallet
Fucking quality, one of the most poignant parts in most peoples history and you fucks are talking about Harry Styles, a southern faggot who probably wouldn't know what the fuck Dunkirk was about and where it is is until he was asked to star in this, take in the movie and the history part not the faggots in it.
Is Christopher Nolan the best living director? I'd say so
finalmente vai lan????ar esse filme!????????
The Nolan-Man does it again...it seems. Looking forward to see this one.
Dunkirk: The most savagely fucked up ass whipping of the Geneva convention to date. Goddamn Axis was having a field day with all the war crimes they committed during this evacuation.
Hope is my weapon Survival is my victory
"If Harry's fans want to go and see the movie just for him then let them, I already wanted to see it and with Harry in it I want to see it more.
 At the end of the day it's getting more viewers so there's no problem at all, ofcourse the story behind it is very emotional and a huge moment in history and I'm sure everyone respects that so just enjoy the movie because I'm sure everyone in it will be amazing."
1:30 such a beautiful but desolate and tragic shot, plus the music makes it
First movie horror check, then superhero movie check, later sci-fi check, now war, can we now Say that Nolan la the Next Steven Spielberg? or at least one oficina the best of the past decade?
Wooh! Germany! I'm rooting for you!!!
Balls ass movie. Watch it when you want to be weak with the islamic scum, this generations NAZIS.
Film voller L????gen und alle feiern ihn jetzt schon. Was ein Armutszeugniss...
only watch it because of HARRY STYLES!!!!!
Damn...that soundtrack is awesome
All these retards who think Nolan fucked up by casting "Harry", miss the fact that he was one of hundreds, if not thousands, who Nolan auditioned for the role. If the man who made Inception, Memento, the Batman trilogy, thinks he was the best fit for the role, who the fuck are we to say otherwise? As in, what the fuck have you created as special and moving as Nolan's films have been, to think you know better? Are you Francis F. Coppola? David Lynch? Or maybe the reanimated corpse Stanley Kubrick? I didn't think so. I only learned of 1 Direction and this member named Harry from the buzz surrounding Nolan's newest project, and like most people who have interest in these historical films, or are fans of Nolan's work, probably don't think so highly of these new "pop" bands, which in my opinion are shitting all over the fundamentals of music, yet as stated above, Nolan wouldn't blindly pluck a man from mainstream success in hopes of generating more buzz around a project, since he already had people buzzing around his next ORIGINAL film (not Batman), since we walked out of theater thinking if the top fell or kept spinning right before the credits rolled in Inception. Have faith, and this type doesn't require a blind belief in someone you'll never see while alive at least, but in a man who's work speaks for itself.
Oscars are waiting...
Nolan i Zimmer to genialne po???€????€?czenie!
The brave Wehrmacht made a nice job and defeated two armies she win the battle alone at Dunkirk.BRAVO!
Uhhhhhh ?????€????????€????????€???
A war movie that is PG-13?...
Hitler , let them get a way ... lucky bastards .
"We all know from the history books, that Adolf Hitler decided not to use his armies in France to attack the british army trying to flee in Normandy. He wanted to show them his superiority, to show them that they have no chance, but he will show them love anyway.

 Adolf Hitler wanted peace with The United Kingdom since he saw them as a too civilized people to go to war with.
 But it seems like that Hollywood just thinks his Panzer squads didn't make it in time to take them all as prisoners.
 That's a lie.."
One of the best trailers I have ever scene almost as good as gravity trailer
Okay I found out that now that Harry is a member of one direction. But where do we see him in this trailer?
Gilderoy Lockhart obliviated AF.... thinks he's military 'n shit....
WTF BF 109E in world war 1
"""Hope is a weapon""
 And honey for fools"
MEH!
is the French Army in DLC ?
"Since in France they call it: To dash

 When british soldiers leave the fight and French soldiers fight in their place"
"Finaly i movie In ww2 with british.
 Every movie the Last years is with Americans or Russians...."
0:46 you're welcome.
This movie trailer reminds me of all the stories my grandpa tells me about, just to see this trailer makes me sob every time. Can't wait to see it.
very very nice (i m assam boy)
S???€? VOU PELO HARRY STYLES
I'm so excited for Harry!!!!
Nolan is a treasure.
"Inspiring. But when all this was happening, the British Empire calmly,
 willingly starved 4.5 million civilians to death in India. The Spitfires
  you see here also dropped bombs on non-violent civilians in Bengal,
 Kenya and elsewhere. That the Nazis did terrible things doesn't change
 the fact that the British did too. Soldiers and civilians from either
 side showed courage and nobility, and also did terrible things.

 Sadly, the Nazis are doomed to always be the bad guys in every movie,
 and the British, who caused hundreds of millions of deaths and helped
 create the ""Third World"", get a free pass. That said, can't wait to
 watch this movie!"
Call of duty WWII leaked gameplay
Am I the only one who was expecting Wonder Woman to show up at any moment at first? When I first?? saw this trailer?? in the theater, I at first thought it was going to be a trailer for the Wonder Woman movie.
Film can be shortened to one sentence ... Gentlemen, let's fuck off
A war movie. Another one...snores....
As a fan of OneDirection will go watch it for HarryStyles ! ????????
only nazis disliked this trailer
Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer love the use of clocks ticking in their films.
does anyone know how to find the song starting at 1:35?
one of the cod WW2 Missions
sure there are times when GOOD directors make BAD movies..this is that one from Nolan
Loved Cillian Murphy since 28 Days Later
Harry????????????????????????cuando sale?
do we really need another war movie smh
Impressive. Recognized some of my favorite actors, can't wait to see it.
For the sake of the History Buffs and the people who just want to watch the movie for the story and Nolan's magic, please make Harry die
Christopher Nolan Movies must be watched in Theaters
There's a severe lack of Cillian Murphy in this. I demand MOAR!!!
Nothing is better than getting a brain orgasm from a Christopher Nolan film!
Wooahhh ???????????????? Can't wait
the ironi is that Nazi Eduard the former king of England and avid support of Hitler, he gave the nazis the British-french battle for the defence of France. Thereby causing the British lost in France in 1940 and at Dunkirk. But he avoided punishment.
honestly....I donno who is Harry styles....I am going for hanszimmer,Nolan,Tom hardy and cillian Murphy...............missing Michael Caine in this movie
FUCK! Christopher Nolan is simply unable to do something bad or mediocre
Perfect timing for Call of Duty
why did i only see harry 3 times im shook.
except for Nolan rest everything looks typical of a war movie
Jesus Christ is coming back soon I mean it be saved for your own sake
can weight to see it
I'm just here for Harry
Cristpher Nolan's he made and left behind his movies a master pieces not movies
PRAISE TO THE HEROIC FRENCH SOLDIERS WHO STAYED TO ENSURE THE SAFETY EVAC OF BRITISH AND OTHER FELLOW FRENCH SOLDIERS, AND TO THE OTHERS WHO FOUGHT HARD TO RESIST THE GERMANS!
Actually Nazi Germany gave British and weak ass French soldiers chance to escape Dunkirk. Let's be honest without U.S there would be no Great Britain and France.
battlefield 1 the movie
"not a single soldier from france,poland or belgium...
 this movie is a joke"
I don't understand why people are complaining about Harry Styles. He has a reputation as a cheesy pop singer, not a bad actor. This is Christopher Nolan, he's not the type who just lets any celeb into his films. He wouldn't have been cast if he couldn't act. Even if he is terrible, we've got Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy and Kenneth Branagh to hold the film together.
History is written by the victors! So dont believe anything. Israel and America is far more worse than Hitler for me.
OMFG
The reverse of Agincourt! An unmitigated disaster turned into an feat of British arms. But since we?? now all think "European", Dunkirk was a bit of a German Victory and and so was D-Day.
why couldn't they shoot the planes with pistols and rifles like james bond did in his last film?
wtf is this shit?? That TWAT FACE shitty actor Cillian Murphy, & Kenneth Fucking Brannagh the fat old poof, with Christopher Nolan & his gay CHEESY Hollywood spin on Dunkirk trying to shit on the memory of our grandfathers. Fuck all you queers.
Are you f*cking kidding me?? What's so special in this trailer? Oh I see, because it's mighty Nolan...
can't fucking wait !
who is gonna watch DUNKIRK only nd only for the legend HARRY STYLES.....????????????????
Scarecrow and Bane to fight the Nazi! Say no more!
Cant wait for this!
Anyone else expecting to ugly cry their heart out while watching this?
Can't get enough of this trailer
I wish there were more movies, video games or simulations that captured the scale and epic feel of ww2 so I could experience such a world changing event from the safety and comfort of my home.
No surrender
the only thing i am curios about is the portrayal of the germans i bet even in the western campaigns of 1940 they will portray them as evil but instead they should actually accept their superior military strategy on both operational and tactical levels
Fuck yeah! A WW2 Movie! Just when I was about to forget which were the bad and good guys. I hope the save 6 gazzilion Jews in this one.
when Christ's trailer hesitate to tell you everything, F8 already told everything in its trailer
I love practical effects!
Dunkirk by Christopher Nolan: The successful retreat was not the one we deserved, but the one we needed.
Can someone please tell me what the music is. I'm looking for the high pitched part
jakej je to dil kdy se daji demon a elena dohromady prosim
I really love Delena and your video. Can you come take a look on mine please. Yours is hundred Times better than mine.
fuck yeh boys, the nolan + zimmer duo is back at it
des fois c'est pas Elena c'est katherine donc arr????ter de dire que c'est Elena... pff
The only flaw with this movie is the absence of Michael Caine.
This is funny how the Brits see Dunkirk as a victory. Hitler should have finished the Brits before turning towards Russia !!!
Germany how could you fuck this up ?!?!?!
That first scene gave me goose bumps...
Looks shit!
????????????? ????????????????, ???????????????????€????€?????????????!
Who came jst to see harry styles
There is no hiding from this son we have a job to do?? , we must save our army to continue fighting for the freedom of all European nations - So that 60 years later they can all side with Germany to try and destroy us.
Fun fact. Dunkirk was a massacre on the British side. Only about 300 troops were evacuated the rest died and the beach was never taken back the whole war. In fact it was one of the most heavily defended beaches in the war. This is why the allied invasion did not take place here.
I'm so excited to see Fionn Whitehead as the lead in this movie
Cillian Murphy,Tom Hardy, Christopher Nolan,Hans Zimmer, Harry Styles...?????€???
Damn I hate some Brit COs for not bringin home a lot & not recognizing their work
I hope they also show the story of cca 30k French soldiers who sacrificed themselves, so the rest can run away.
who else is here to see Harry Styles?
This seems to be the Oscar Bait that La La Land wanted to be
this here is the trailer for the cod ww2 British campaign
i think harry styles will be perfect as han solo.
"I just hope the hero's who died at dunkirk can't see what Britain has turned into today
 what a shame r.i.p GREAT Britain"
will you guys just give it the R rating
Yeah some of us come here because of harry. Im asian so I don't know what happened in Dunkirk. This doesn't come up on our history class unless its connected to Philippines but that doesn't mean we're not allowed to watch this movie. A lot of us are intrigued by the story. Directioners are a big fandom and we do all sorts of promos for any project that the lads are working on so its a win win.
There are not many directors that can claim to have a perfect movie record their entire professional film career, but so far Christopher Nolan has just that. Memento, The Prestige, Insomnia, the Dark Knight Trilogy, Inception, Interstellar. This man is unstoppable.
im not crying, youre crying
A PG-13 WAR FILM.......... NO BALLS NOLAN!
dude
Nolan, it's time for an Oscar.
cod ww2 brought me here no joke?? just notice that it is the year of ww2. can Christopher beat steven spielberg
Greatest superhero movie ever, then greatest science fiction. Now, the greatest war movie ever?
I see tom hardy still wears a mask
honestly I was only gonna watch this bc Harry was in it but when i saw this trailer I ACTUALLY thought this seems like a pretty interesting movie so I'm excited to see this in theaters this summer.
I love how in the action with the planes, you can't tell wether it's the screaming or the planes
GOD why we do wars , such a shame for us all
"Nice lie.
 Hitler actually pulled his forces back and let the British go home as a gesture of respect and to show he did not want a war with England.
 I hate fake propaganda designed to make people hate the Ger,ans."
BleSS the war!
The first Brexit...
Looking good. An incredibly dramatic moment in human history.
Michael Caine???
I love war movies so I'm real excited for this to come out!!!
1:35 Liev Shreiber?
CAN'T WAIT TO SEETHIS
I just care to watch it this summer or whatever.
The siren from those JU-87 Stukas...imagine hearing that in combat.
?????€?????????????????€????????????€??????????????€????€????????????????????????????????????€??€???????&???€??????€??????€???????????????!!!!
"I have figured the drunkirk story
 First they are on the beach ,then tomhardy dies ,soon after harry styles was given the responsibility . Then cillian murphy with murphy's law come to see harry styles and tells that there is hope . So Harry styles send his son cooper to the black hole ,after murphy found the equation ,Harry styles realises that this is home .Soon after Tom hardy wakes up from the grave and ask Harry styles ,his responsibility again. But Harry refused .So Tom went to Christopher Nolan to reduce his payment .Then murphy went to tesseract to save coopers' s GF in garuantua"
Tom Hardy? f yeah
The Stuka's made me very happy....very.....very....happy....
i never knew harry styles is in this movie
this looks good
This was one of the most surreal, creepy trailers I have ever seen. The general walking into the waves is just - holy shit.
I Wanna see this
Christophar has pursuit of Happiness !"
It's gonna be terrible
If Oscar misses to get into the hands of Sir Christopher Nolan for Dunkirk, it is going to be, really a waste!!!
this is filmt in holland
very upsetting the movie is pg13.
"""from Christopher Nolan"".






 Nothing more to say."
DUNKIRK ?????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€???????????
I'm watching this because harry styles is in it ????????????????????
Hope is a fantasy, not a weapon.
"""There's no hiding from this, son. We have a job to do.""

 Such a haunting line, suddenly nothing else matters.?? War brings out the best and the worst in us, and if ever there was a necessary war, this was it."
thought i saw harry styles lol
age, please
This movie is gonna be a big hit, aside the great director (Christopher Nolan) who I absolutely adore. Expect a lot of teenage girls watching this movie.
"Unfortunately, no one can be told what Dunkirk is. You have to see it for yourself."
solo vine por el Harry ???????€?
You had me at Christopher Nolan. I think he is probably the best Director around. I think he may even be the next Steven Spielberg. He has yet to make a movie that I have not LOVED.
This is going to be Nolan's worst film. His mission is to glorify British soldiers while disregarding the truth. British soldiers and French soldiers treacherously murdered billions of people throughout the world. I hope Americans won't believe this stupid film. You all should check out the documentary "Adolf Hitler: the greatest story never told" for the truth about world war 2 hidden by Britain and France. I also recommend my small youtube video "Britain's treacheries during world war 1 and world war 2."
"2018 OSCARS has a big winner
 this movie will raze all categories"
Kenneth Branagh, nice. Will watch.
I really hope Christopher Nolan at least gets nominated for Best Director for this film. If Mel Gibson can get one after being awful but talented then Chris Nolan should get one for being decent and seriously gifted.
"I am looking forward to watching it.
 However, I don't want to sin being a purist, but I am totally surprised that they would use a Hispano Buch????n to impersonate an ME-109.
 I mean there are several authentic ones airworthy, I really can't understand it.
 I don't think it was a budget restriction, as it is looks like a great production.
 Still it is unexplicably to me."
Summer??? SAVED!!!!!
Interstellar still the best movie Christopher Nolan has made
probably more excited to watch this than justice league, spider-man, guardians of the galaxy... all superhero movies basically
You hear the music @ 1:31 and you know at that instant that this movie is gonna be 10 times more awesome than it already was. Hail Hans Zimmer
"Of course, No mention to the French.
 What did I expect anyway ?"
grandfather supported them on a destroyer, deaf as fuck from the gunfire. still miss him even though he made it home.
Excellent trailer.
wow do many views
Let's see if this one will be better than Hacksaw Ridge!
Dunkirk is gonna play in 70mm,35mm, and imax film. Which should go to anyone?
if its a nolan film count me in
Only the last good director in Hollywood can make a serious World War 2 movie with Harry Styles in it.
it took me too much time to realize what directioners are
First I get hacksaw ridge and fury now this?! Man Talk About A Good Time to be alive for a war fanatic like me!!!! What's next one based on the Bombers or perhaps one based on the battered Bastards of bastogne?
Does anybody know where this will show on 35mm?
Most people here are probably from the U.K. I don't see this movie doing well in the US no matter who is playing
There's just some movies that aren't catchy if it's not about Americas Soldiers
A lot of WW2 films are made from the allied perspective which is fine, I really like them...but it would be cool to see a WW2 film made from a German perspective. I know there are films like Das boot and Der Untergang, but seriously someone should make a quality movie about Hans Joachim Marseille (the star of Africa) or even make a movie based off the book "A Higher Call".
This trailer is De-noised to kingdom come, where's the beautiful film grain from the 65mm film stock which this movie was shot on?
Everyone blowing a load over Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy but Mark Rylance is the best living actor in the world. I'm so excited to see him in a Christopher Nolan movie. Don't get me wrong, Murphy and Hardy are amazing, but Mark Rylance is better which is really saying a lot.
In death stranding
Harry Styles fuck yooouu...
I doubt it will tell the true story about how the British were allowed to escape out of the good nature of Hitler.
Did you just say CHRISTOPHER NOLAN?! I'm sold, now this must be another masterpiece.
Oy vey! How many goyim died for Saul's sheckels?
Let us all hope that this piece of propaganda underperforms. This is truly below Nolan's standard.
Looks sick
Isn't it beautful, goy, you fought and won for this so that London can be 44% British with a Muslim mayor
millions of people died so that london can have a muslim mayor. pathetic.
I think the boat picking up Cillian Murphy is the Sundowner owned by Titanic highest ranking surviving crew member Charles Lightoller. He owned a ship that looked like that, he was there...could be. Maybe you lot can figure it out.
Where is trailer number 2???
How many Jewish "nazis are bad" movies do we need? We need to fight so we can flood Europe with 3rd worlders!
the only thing bothering me is the airplanes making stuka sounds
"SPOILER ALERT



 Hairy styles dies"
this reminds me of the ghost of you video
"I'm going to watch this because Harry us in it"
i wasnt moved maybe see it.
Hopefully this will be great. Nolans last two movies were only good. It's time for something great!
Gives me chills. Let us never forget WWII so that we never have to suffer again like the world suffered then. #neverforget
AND HARRY STYLES. ..TOM AND CILLIAN
Just want to see it because Harry is in it....Then again, I'm only 10...
HARRYYYYYYYYYY ZOI MJOY SE LATREVW PANTREPSOU ME PLIS:)
this movie looks fantastic
Why is the Union flag, seen flying on a short pole, attached to a military vehicle, in the trailer, being flown upside down?????
Harry Styles from One Direction
Harry styles is in this movie!!
Is this when the Allies wipe out the Furred Reich?
1:37 I guess he dies again. (Sean Bean)
Just been rated PG13 in the states.... so don't expect anything like saving private ryan.. a lot of talking maybe, and a very sanitised version of history for the younger viewer, who prefer super heroes to real heroes... could fail big time for nolan..but i guess if enough 1D fans go , it'll make money..
excited to see Harry do his first ever movie can't wait to see this
glad to see harry styles.....
At the VERY least, Zimmer's music will be legendary
I am so surprised this has not been getting more attention. This is going to be HUGE.
The movie of the year followed by wonder woman.
heil Hitler!
harry <3
Cillian Murphy + Tom Hardy in a Christopher Nolan movie again?War movie?Plus Harry Styles?I'm in.
The only reason I'm watching this movie is because of Christopher Nolan
Christopher Nolan's getting a percentage of the box office as part of his salary. So he knows that having Harry Styles in his movie can only help him!!
I swear to God if Harry dies in the movie I will bawl in the theatre
where is harry in it not visible in trailer I saw this because of harry style is he in leading role
what can be told about dunkirk? i'm afraid that the movie's gonna be shitty.
si es de Nolan es buena
a moment of silence for those 6k haters .....
Lets see if Nolan twists the facts in history books too ? - Like he has with Superman - Batman - the only movie so far he didn't mess up was Watchmen - And that was because it was taken straight from the graphic novel ! -The storyboard was already there !!! For him to work from !!!
chris nolan made heath ledger the joker. so i'm not complaining about harry styles.
who's here for harry????????€??????€??€?
Will it be as good as Hacksaw Ridge ?
01:35 Music?
Here for harry
Do any of u know Harry styles is in this
I AM SOO GONNA WATCH THIS
Who else just came for Harry
the real question is : is there anything left that nolan hasn't made a movie about?
Even if you watch another 1000 Jewish Warpropaganda movies, they all remain "LIES and Deception"! Real History: Hitlers direct order: Let them go home! You better shouldnt waste your time and do your own research! Find out, what kind of LIES made Brits come over the channel and trying to kill German People? Youtube: "Die Zahl 6 Millionen 1914 - 1939" and Google: "Full text: Two hundred sixmillion allegations 1900 - 1945" After this, dont forget to see at youtube: "Hellstorm"! Stop being victims and stupid believers of jewish press and jewish Hollywood crap!
I don't understand the hate being given towards Harry Styles in this movie. I myself am a fan of him and am so proud of how far he's come and yes there's going to be some fans of his that only watch the movie for him but that isn't something you should be upset about and sending hate to one another over. They wouldn't have casted him if he wasn't a good actor. This movie looks amazing either way and I for one can not wait to see it. This movie will be big hit with or without Harry in it so I don't see the big deal. Spread positivity, not hate.
That moment when most ppl are only watching the movie bc Harry is in it???????€??????€???
Not a big fan of 1D and shit, but Nolan wouldn't have cast Harry if he didn't think he was special.. All his actors have always been spot on. Not worried one bit about it. Besides, he said thousands interviewed, and Harry did as well. But Harry was special he said.
Why indeed... Churchill isn't around to answer that. Is he?
It was not luck that stopped the Germans pressing an attack at Dunkirk, it was for many reasons. Including : effective fighting in the campaign leading up to Dunkirk by the British and some French forces which cost the Germans men, equipment and time. Germany could have used their airforce at Dunkirk and tried but that did not go all their own way, neither did they rule the sea. Crucially, very importantly, Hitler did not know that an agreement with Britain was impossible at the time of Dunkirk. There were many discussions with many people. This was not just about Churchill as many say. There were many forces at work. Some genuine, some to trick Germany. He rightly feared the damage Britain and the USA could do to his forces and ...his finances. He paused, was unsure. The moment came and went.
I know u will hate me for this but.................who's Christopher Noglen?
and the Oscar goes to this fucking masterpiece
tbh the only reason i'm prob gonna watch this movie is because harry styles is in this movie lmao
look at all that white, male privilege
The next ww2 movie is about a retreat come on.. Ok I know there was no other choice but come on.. An all movie about a retreat to make it looks like an heroic act.. Plus the germans army halt the advance on dunkirk what gives them more time to retreat.. I do not blame what happened but come on..
I can't believe I'll get to see Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy together on the same screen for another time and now also with Harry Styles in the combo like wtf? My mind is blown.
"A maior parte do publico ser???? feminino JSDJHSAFDJHSDKJ
 1D"
Me and my family r going to watch it cause it has harry styles in it and we love war movies or documentaries
Next Trailer Please! :-)
Harry Styles?????€???
glad to have history in the British navy
Dunkirk, did Tom, Dick and Harry too - tales of a call girl.
I'm so dun with Kirk
HARRY?????€???
When will the next trailer be? It has been 4 months!
Scarecrow returns as protagonist. You have my attention Nolan.
Tak na tohle se moc t???€?????????m!
I hope this passes the Beckett test.
If its Hans, Christopher, Tom and fucking Cillian holy shit it will be good
And to think, had Guderian and Ewald von Kleist not requested a halt, the results would've been far more devastating. Dunkirk spirit.
Am i the only one who got goosebumps from this trailer?
Is it just me or am I watching to movie only because of Harry styles ???????€????????€?
Hitler let the Brits go because he wanted peace.
I love ww2 movies and it's been a while since a good one has come out so I'm hoping this is good
Search my channel ''Ayush jha'' and watch amazing videos
Christopher Nolan', then its already a yes.
I only watched this trailer for Harry lol
Who here whant to watch this movie because of Harry Styles. Admit it. Whould this movie be boring without Harry?
I'm so proud of Harry. He's come so far you can say that he's not a kid anymore. Props to Harry for this project I can't wait to see it!
"Credits start to roll
 ""Just stop your crying, it's the sign of the times*"
Why didn't Hitler attack Dunkirk? Panzer groups were waiting for the go ahead standing ready at the staging areas. Even artillery would have finished the job. Some historians say he made a deal, but no one is sure what he got in exchange.
Christopher Nolan has to be the best movie directors ever. Can't wait for this masterpiece and I'll probably have to bring lots of tissues...
I heard Harry styles is in this movie
1:39 De Nada ???????€?
pra ser melhor tinha que mostrar mais Harry styles
fam!
s???? vou assistir mesmo por causa do Harry kkk
who missed harry the first time u saw dis??
oh wow Bobby Lockwood is in that movie
I was mad about Harry Styles at first cause I hate One Direction but hey, Mark Wahlberg went from being in a boy band to Academy Award nominated actor so let's give him a shot for now
This movie will get 5% on RT and will be considered one of the worst big-budget war movies ever made.
Ngl I'm only here for harry
I Already like the soundtrack
You had me at Harry Styles
I can't stop watching this I have been watching for months! Who else is here just for my Harry??????????
Another best movie that will never see an oscar.
IMO Hacksaw Ridge was better
Interstellar 2, After this movie
okay.... i yelled harrrryyyyyy
one of my fav director christopher nolan
CILLIAN MURPHY!!
peaky blinders main actor fuck yeah!!!
estreno mundial el teorema de dios la gran conspiracion contra dios lanzamiento mundial!!!tambien en you tube el teorema de dios!!!!
I am obsessed with that piece of of music that starts at 1:30.
something something something propaganda something something something historical inaccuracies something something something thing decrying the film without regard for how great it may actually be something something something.
Kenneth Brannah. Mark Rylance. Can't wait.
Except that's wrong. They didn't march into Dunkirk because the Germans kicked so much ass in the Battle of France that they over extended their supply lines.
Harry Styles' Sign of the times should be a soundtrack of this movie.
to be honest i don't care about the movie i just wanted to see harry
All I got out of that was harry styles
Just that Harry Styles is in this, makes me wanna watch this over and over again.. :) Can't wait for the movie to come!
"oh my GAWD so many butt hurt french in the comments bitching about it before the movie's even out yet.

 Listen up numbnuts, the fact that hollywood is making a WW2 movie that ISN'T about Merica is a FUCKING MIRACLE. SORRY not every single nation can be the focus of an hour and a half movie, just be happy it's not the same bullshit you usually get."
"for those of who are complaining abt the french being not in the trailer...just keep calm..
 they might appear just like matt damon appeared in interstellar out of nowhere"
cant wait for this movie to come out, you dont see alot of WW2 movies anymore today, Glad to see they are coming back!!
Cillian Murphy has a lifetime contract with Nolan I guess
Looks like a must see.
Masterpiece
by far will be the best movie of 2017
Love u Tom Hardy!!
This movie should be called Western Stalingrad xD
Zayn has done the best
I already know I'm gonna be balling throughout the whole movie lmao
Y'all are so annoying, you haven't even seen him act yet but you're already complaining. Good job on this new single and your debut role, Harry, and y'all can take your petty asses out of here. Peace~
Seriously, if you don't know about the history of Dunkirk, then do your research. The greatest rescue mission in history.
Okay so I'm still kinda a directioner if/when (I hope when) 1D get's back together (It may not idfk) I will become a 100% directioner with my other fandoms but for now I love This Town,Just hold on,and now Sign of the times and I would be completely fine if the boys just made solo albums I'll always love my boys no matter what they choose to do with there music career
European by birth, German by the grace of god.
Most people who know this film Dunkirk are just here for Harry Styles! Sorry fans I am here for Tom Hardy, Kenneth Branagh, and Mark Rylance! And it would be better for Harry Styles to be an actor to make his biggest breakthrough, not existing in a boyband that is and will be forever forgotten for years from now!
Most people who know this film Dunkirk are just here for Harry Styles! Sorry fans I am here for Tom Hardy, Kenneth Branagh, and Mark Rylance! And it would be better for Harry Styles to be an actor to make his biggest breakthrough, not existing in a boyband that is and will be forever forgotten for years from now!
Christopher Nolan is one of only a few filmmakers today that can craft a thought provoking and emotionally engaging film with action that never feels overlong or unnecessary. The action that you see in any Christopher Nolan film is to push the story further. I'm calling it: Dunkirk will either win or get nominated for Best Picture.
On one hand I trust this movie to?? turn out good because.....well.... Nolan. Tom Hardy's performance too. On the other hand .... there's?? Harry Styles. Really?
I am so eagerly, anxiously, deperately waiting for this movie to release.
Came for Harry Styles stayed for the epic war movie.
Kenneth Branagh is the best actor in this. I'm excited.
Christopher Nolan? So real planes, real boats?
DUDE I CAME TO SEE HARRY IN IT AND I ONLY SAW HIM LIKE ONCE
why now?
Looks not that bad.
"Christopher Nolan? -Check
 Hans Zimmer? -Check
 Cillian Murphy? -Check

 OK, I'm in!"
Visually seems too polished and clinical. Need more dirt, dust, blood and guts.
Can I just ask why everyone would stand out in the open like that...?
Should be awesome
yall judging harry styles without even checking out his stellar performance in romeo + juliet
Yeah. I hate Nazi/German people????
This will go down as one of the greatest war movie to ever exist in the history of all mankind!
I can already tell that this will be the best movies in 2017.Mark my words
Me109s didn't have the Stuka siren you know haha
1:29 that Inception vibe!!!
1:48 Tom Hardy's role always involves something covering his mouth.
we were hust learning about this in history
Hans Zimmer + Christopher Nolan = Perfection.
this might be the most beautiful, but the saddest and most terrifying trailer I have seen in a while. I cannot wait for the movie
beautiful i love the movie ??????????????????????????€??€??????€????????€????????????
Tom hardy ?????€????????€????????€???
Holy shit I'm fangirling sooooo much right now I can't I'm going insane thank god
this movie looks so good and even better cause Harry
Tom Hardy is todays Brando just cool.
What's the name of the track at 1:29?
When it comes to Christopher Nolan, his movies are phenomenal.
o Harry q ???? bom quase n aparece aaaf s???? veria por causa dele...
cuantas latinas hay?
Christopher Nolan, literally the best director of the 20th Century. He makes every movie that comes out from his mind a true marvel to remember.
I miss Nolan soooo fucking much
Who else is going to watch this movie for the sake of Harry being in it?
Don t fuck with the german luftwaffe
This trailer is shit but I know the movie is gonna be awesome
I can already smell the Oscar.
hope this becomes 1 of the top 5 war movies of all times... we all know nolan can get there on any spot
If hitler would've advanced and killed everyone at Dunkirk, the war would've ended much differently....
0:47 SHOOKEDT
think its a good film
A shame the Germans didn't persist, could've ended the war right then and there.
The only reason they survived is by the good graces of Hitler stopping Guderian's tanks.. If Guderian had his way, he would have closed the gap before the 26th of May and cut off the BEF from escaping. It would mean complete destruction of the British Expeditionary Force, or its surrender... This act by Hitler will not be the last time he assists the Allies..
Young men fight and die in wars, young women bitch about "mansplaning". Disgusting sexism. Enjoy your freedom, ladies.
did i see harry drowning or am i having a nightmare
Its great to see a World War 2 movie that doesn't feature the US
"96% of comments about not hate Harry styles in this movie
 4% of actually hate comments"
I'm not kidding when I say that if Harry is about to drown in the movie, Imma jump inside the screen and save him
White folk overload, you need to entice all types of audiences, not sure if Nolan heard that ethnic audiences are on the rise, and to cast harry styles, brilliant for harry to kickstart his career in a serious acting role it may seem but if Nolan did it to entice girls also I bet they'll keep well away after seeing this trailer
I hope this will not be another Hollywood propaganda movie :(. The Truth is that the Germans spared the French and English soldiers, cause the true enemy was the URSS...
Like almost everybody is going to watch this movie because Harry,if Harry dies like everybody is going to leave the place and will Hate the movie
Looks like another quality film from Christopher Nolan.
https://www.ispot.tv/ad/wVmt/dunkirk-movie-trailer?? << Dunkirk intense and epic tv spots
Angole i francuzi nie pomogli Polsce w 39r wiec potem musieli biegeiem uciekac przed hitlerem na swoja wyspe
It depresses me to see my ancestors floundering on that beech, they had no idea they were fighting a war for the jews and the banks. Had they known what would happen to their countries if Germany lost this barbaric jew contrived war all would surrender no doubt. They would have been treated well by the germans. Britain would have sued for peace and Germany could have dealt with the judaeo communist soviet union (who was preparing to attack the reich) on it's own terms. It's perfectly possible we would have a beautiful world today if those events had unfolded.
Looking forward to this film. It looks like an Oscar contender. Christopher Nolan is a genius.
The good ole days when Britain united against evil. Now Britain is cucked and letting evil in coughISLAMcough
legendary
Rule Britannia
RIP Harry's hair
Dunkirk is the graveyard of the British empire.
Only watching for HD WW2 Dogfights!
It's Tommy fucking Shelby!
FUCKKK
So a new trailer just showed while watching the NCAA tournament and there's nothing new on YouTube. What the hell?
I'm so ready
Dose harry survive in the movie
Brasil ?? :-D
"Christopher Nolan said Harry Styles has ""it"" and auditioned among thousands of other actors. He earned his spot, and Chris chose him because he believed in his audition.

 So if you aren't Christopher Nolan, a veteran director, there's a GOOD CHANCE you're being close-minded.
 See it for yourself! Don't be a dick! :-)

 Also, aside from that, this movie is going to be outstanding."
What an amazing piece of history. A British / Allied RETREAT after getting ass-kicked by the German Blitzkrieg. Many surviving soldiers would eventually see victory on VE Day thanks to the efforts and sacrifices of the British Navy, the Royal Air Force and THE BRITISH PEOPLE.
The only reason I'd watch this movie is because of Harry lmao
why is the one direction man boy in such a grown up movie
This has harry styles in it! Lol
I'd rather eat shite before i watch this rubbish!
Oscar for direction...???????€???????????????????100%
the genius is back
I hope this can surpass the drama war film Hacksaw Ridge ...
So Tom Hardy Switching Sides And Killing His Own People?
where is Michael Caine?
this movie isn't going to be correct historically, almost guarantee it.
1.36 Rakium embendoo
Oh my osh harry style
Credit to whoever cast Harry Styles. Very clever move considering that will increase the amount of people that pay to see it by a good 30% from 1D fans.
Finally a good looking war film. Sick of all these American middle eastern war films I'm seeing coming out this year. Time for some proper story telling with quality actors.
"Another bullshit WWII movie, as if we haven't had enough of the ""Germans = Evil"" crap. The British establishment started WWII, period.

 If the ""noble"" British establishment cared so much about Poland, then why didn't they also declare war on the Soviet Union, who invaded the eastern half of Poland 2 weeks after the Germans? Why did the ""noble"" British establishment throw Poland back to Communism in 1945?

 Ans.: Because Churchill's jewish backers could not stand the fact that Hitler had freed Germany from the (((banks))).

 And now, you British find yourselves in the position where if you oppose multiculturalism & Islamic terrorism, well guess what... you're a ""Nazi""!"
Anybody know the song that starts playing at 1:27? Or was the composed solely for the movie/trailer?
nolan^^ bonus harry styles omg
i just love this trailer... very excited to see harry styles after a long time...
Nolan= quality movies
harrrrrrrold
Scarecrow....
tom hardy !!!!
Yeah I love Nolan but I'm watching this because I'm a Military/war movie fiend!! I don't care who's in it as long as it's believable, intense and has me screaming cover your men!!. I'm insanely pleased to know I will witness this true and ridiculous battle soon on screen.
"I see Christopher Nolan, I see good product.

 Come on Nolan, teach Mel Gibson how to do a war movie."
Inception 4.
Christopher Nolan just never disappoints.
i wanted it to be Rated R so much, but oh well, it's Nolan, it's going to be great either way.
Favorite actors favorite director, the best part of human history word war II what else do i want!!
Leave it Noland man. Pure cinema
Boring
0:46!!! Harryyy ?????????????????????????????€??€?
Minus a point for gratuitous use of Stuka siren sound effects. Otherwise I like it!
another masterpiece from Nolan ?
Christopher nolan name is enough to watch this movie.......... Strongly recommended
Sir Kenneth is why I'd watch it. ?????€????
icome because of Harry style
Naaaaahhhh, Saving Private Ryan set the bar
this garbage has 18.3 million views?? Your are the masters of fraud now, Warner Brothers... there is no way this old BORING fake subject seems interesting for the people now.
GONNA BE A FUCKING MASTERPIECE! :D
For me this film will sweep at the awards
you mean Dunkerque
Battlefield 1: The Movie. ???????€?
Even if harry wasn't in this i'd still 101% watch it. This looks dope, love these kinds of movies.
JUST DON'T KILL HARRY DAMN STYLES ?????? HE IS THE SHINING STAR !!!!
Looks booooooring.
Harold seu gostoso
How many casualties resulted from Dunkirk? Does anyone know??
THERE'S MY BOY HARRY STYLES HAHHAHA
Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer back at it again? That's all I need to know.
For all you " I'm sold on Nolan and hardy" people, this movie is about what ww2 looked like before America entered, French and British retreating for their lives across the English Channel after the nazis blitzed through France. That said it was a heroic rescue mission
Nolan and Zimmer together again. I cant wait!!
Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy are one of the reasons I'm gonna watch this. We're the Peaky FOCKINNN Blinderssssss
"Like omg my history teacher like proper spoiled this" every triggered 12 year old
I understand WAR movies about sacrifice (Private Ryan), based on true story (Hacksaw Ridge) showing battleground from two sides (Tora! Tora! Tora!, Letters fro Iwo Jima) but I can't see any other reason beside propaganda in this one. Brits and french fucked up allied Poland, they "bombed" Germans with "stop war" bullshit cards while their allies while Poland was bleeding out her soldiers. Dunkirk was just fuckin disaster caused of Great Britain and French gov foolishness, they were lucky that Hitler have made an error to let them escape that beach, other way war would end as soon as it was started.
congrats on whoever came up with the idea of putting harry in the movie, take my money
at 0:30 a captain says there are 400.000 men on this beach an i am an ww2 fanatic, so just to say double that number there where 800.000 in Dunkirk Warner brothers do your homework
Haven't watched Christopher Nolan but will watch that and Dunkirk for Harry Styles......
although I am really anticipating thus movie, I'm really upset this movie is rated pg-13 instead of R
I was wondering whether this time zimmer or nolan one of them could win oscar ?
Please make movie about Bermuda triangle
waiting for H. Styles
Are we seriously gonna waste our money in seeing harry die in a movie please I will spend my money on seeing harry alive singing not acting but I LOVED..... THE TRAILER
When can I watch it. Love this movie so much
Opening sends chills...and that's why you always want air superiority
like si solos la vez por harri???????€????????€????????€????????€????????€? like if you watch it jusy for harrh
What's the name of the song in this trailer? Does anyone know? I really like it.
"Christopher Nolan is Icredible!!!
 I cant wait to see this Movie!!!"
when will they release the next trailer????????????????
18 M views!!!!!!
I demand Michael Caine...
who else came here just for Harry?and cried aloud while seeing him drown.
is harry styles in this movie?
AWSOME SOUND TRACK BY HANS ZIMMER...SIR
0:46 Is that Harry Styles?
who was the joker in the spitfire?
Best and number one 2017's movie, second one is Justice League.... By the way we need a second Dunkirk official trailer, it's about time.
No one cared who I was until I put on the mask
I prefer My Honor was Loyalty.
Glad that there are filmmakers such as Nolan trying to keep film cinematography alive. It has become a dying art, sadly.
I'm only watching this because of Harry Styles
H A R O L D
my uncle, an Irish man, volunteer in the British Army, was a Dunkirk, while 100,000s of British hid underneath their beds.
i can't wait to watch this movie.... the trailer is lit
HARRRRRRYYYYYYY
who else came here for harry?
#HereForHans
My Grandad fought in Dunkirk, lost a lot of friends, and never got over it. The last thing I ever heard him say before he passed away last year was how much he still missed the friends he lost there - almost 80 years later.
Who's doing the cinematography for this movie? It looks pretty good.
Whoever made this trailer put Nolan's name to shame
is that a one direction guy in the movie 0:48???
every directioner will watch it, besides im a huge directioner, and a nolan fan. cant wait, but will it be released in india
Everybody's??????€? complaining about Harry Styles, but I bet he's just going to be that one guy who makes three jokes and stays in the background for the rest of the film
And the french Army ?
I smell an Oscar
Is dat 1D boy. .?
And then America saved Britain's ass.
phh harry styles ...
I'm only going to watch it because of Harry Styles
what is name of that film
This looks amazing. I hope Nolan's next film is another R-rated crime drama/thriller. I'd like to see him go back to his roots.
This is a film about a historical event directed by a guy who is in love with non-linear storytelling. Last time I checked, history is a linear progression of events.
I can't wait for this film, I do hope it will show, or at least mention, the French involvement at Dunkirk. Without the soldiers of the Allied forces who stayed behind and held off the German army, most being killed or captured, then the Allied forces would have suffered far worse. Thanks to the sacrifice of these brave soldiers 338,226 men escaped, including 139,997 French, Polish, and Belgian troops, together with a small number of Dutch soldiers.
Nice to move
WAITING. ....FOR CIIAN MURPHY. ..AND TOM HARDY AFTER INCEPTION....DURGESH..ALIGARH
Anybody else hear Bane's rasping voice when Tom Hardy puts on his flight respirator?
Fuck Harry Styles, Its a nolan movie.. Hoping for another epic ??????????????????
"I will only see this movie cuz Harry is there ???????€????????€???????
 Like if ur a directioner"
Why not just swim to Dover. They have life vests. Water was 60 degrees which helps with dehydration.
Can we all just take a minute to appreciate the cinematography?
brace yourself for this year greatest war movie
"5% talking about dunkirk
 95% haryy strylessssssssssssssssssssssss"
I'm only here for harry
Everyone complaining about a movie before even actually watching it? Idiocy
it's amazing what Germany was willing to do to try to save Europe.
Mr. Nolan. Mr. Nolan Mr. Nolan!!!!!!
Dunkirk, the highlight of the Phoney War. The Germans let the entire British (Western, Allied) army escape because they had been led to assume that they would come to an 'arrangement' with the British-American empire. That's the only reason Hitler was 'mad' enough to invade Russia and thus lay waste to Europe; he believed the Western Empire 'had his back' as regards taking over and dismantling the USSR. So go ahead and watch this movie - just know that it's pure propaganda with little basis in reality!
can't wait for it
OH MY GOD !! HARRY STYLES !!!! OH GOD
I.want the second trailer now!!!!
Wow waiting for this movie...... at least will learn something in history and salute to the men who died in this war. And also Harrrryyyyyyy!!!
Still using those bloody Hispano HA112 for Messerschmitts. Arrgghh. I'd rather CGI.
You guys had one job and that's protecting my poor baby Hazza! ????????
I'm really interested in War Movies and I love Harry Styles; Bonus for me.
maybe Christopher Nolan will direct the tale of how Europeans had to retake their continent from Muslim Invaders who raped and pillaged the continent at the behest of their own goddamn European leadership.
Will this be in the USA too? ????????????????????
"I'm trying to watch this trailer, but I can hear my mum crying :c
 oh well I'll come back to watch it later :/"
"person: so what is Dunkirk about, what is the story? what did you see?
 me: Harry and harry and Harry???????€?


 jk"
"Friend: what's your favorite movie genre

 Me: um could history be a genre

 Friend: maybe not sure but I guess yes

 Me: ok well then history"
"good is kgf jdbfbdk f hidbrfjbhrehdbugbfjfb dndvcsdrsdetwdfsdrgfa aaa and thae gb xhvss zghdcgccb
 nvgfvhjfbhbfi bubfug gvfgfbhjf dghfvfg"
HARRY STYLES!!!!!
so vou assistir por causa do Harry Styles???????€?????????
0:47 is that Harry Styles ?
Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy cast in the same film again? I'm feeling blessed right now. So much talent here.
like
o herry ??????????????
"This movie is a guarantee that it will be an Oscar contender! Hardy and Cillian love em from Inception and Dark Knight!

 Also looking forward for Harry Styles acting career kick off well with Nolan!"
"A trailer that makes me want to watch the movie?

 Alright, I'll bite. @.@"
Is that Harry Styles?
Yes! It's rated PG-13! I'll finally get to see a war film! And most likely a decent one at that, considering it's Christopher Nolan.
to anyone interested. operation dunkirk was very important it was full retreat operation that if failed it could have ended WW2 in Axis victory. out of 400,000 of allied soldiers, 338,000 made back to great britian.. what makes this interesting was that British government ask civilian volunteers that had boat. meaning every boat parked or being used on English channel was used on that day. even private owned yacht was used to save allie soldiers. For 338,000 troops they went back into the war to continue fighting.
does anyone know where i can find the music to this trailer?
At last a war movie without Americans playing the role of the loudmouth, know-it-all, do-it-all hero.
This is PG13
Just here to see harry
"No entiendo por que la gente se queja de que salga Harry, que las fans van solo por Harry bla bla bla. Pues d????jenme decirles que los productores y el director sab????an que las fans iban a a ir por Harry y aun as???? lo incluyeron porque sab????an que las fans le iban a dar mas promoci????n a la pel????cula y la pel????cula llegar????a un publico mas joven.

 Ademas la mayor????a de personas que van a ver una pel????cula van por los actores o por el director, no entiendo porque tanto drama."
I would fight for Nazi Germany any day.
It's a movie about a True story I'm certain that there will be French troops in this, I for one hope so, I know a mate who's great grandfather was executed in a war crime in a barn at Dunkirk by the Germans after defending with the French to cover the British retreat to Dover, the people in the UK are extremely greatful for the French sacrifice, they paid the highest price and the UK shall never forget the French soldiers who gave their lives as well as the British Defence force at Dunkirk who were pretty much wiped from the face of the earth when the Germans arrived. RIP
"The bottom line is
 1: If there are fans of Harry seeing the movie purely for him then let them see it.
 2: If there are fans of Cillian, Richard, Tom etc who want to see the movie then let them see it.
 3: If there are people seeing the movie for the history then let them see it.
 4: If there are fans of both Harry and history (I for one) that are seeing the movie then let them see it.

 There isn't a law saying ""one cannot see the movie if a popular guy is in it"".

 The ones that are fans of Harry will make this a big deal by getting excited when he enters the scene because they are proud of him for getting stared in such an important movie by a very clever man.

 Just let there be equality as to who can see a movie, because in the end, Dunkirk shaped the world and I for one share a deep connection with the movie AND am a fan of Harry.

 Don't ruin this movie for me by saying that we have no respect for war, because we do."
i imagine Harry getting killed here then i imagine next Directioners doing rally about it???????€????????€?
This can't be anything less then a masterpiece
funny how these triggered men and women still think that directioners are still 10-13, don't you know what aging means?? I'm going to see this movie not just because harry is in it, but because I love learning history, I know some history of america, france, germany, russia etc even tho i don't live there. So calling directioners dumb or uneducated is really a mature thing for ya then, eh?
why we did se a movie in which germans are hero
Disappointed this isn't going to get an r rating. PG-13 seems odd for a war movie, particularly regarding the Dunkirk battle.
The Beginning of this Trailer, with the pamphlet, gets me every time. So great.
Da faq?! did i just see Harry Styles?
No, Spitfire doesn't have the Stuka siren
Someone from one direction is in this? damn, I wanted to see this too
OMG it's so nice I can't wait for the whole movie
when I first see this trailer I thought it was Normandy or the desert campaign
VOY A QUEMAR EL MALDITO CINE SI MUERE MI HARRY EDWARD STYLES COX LOS VOY A MATAR A TO2 >:V
harry ??????????????????
This whole movie is a lie. The Germans had COMPLETE air superiority. Hitler GRACIOUSLY ORDERED that the British be ALLOWED to evac. Luftwaffe were given order's to harass & harry the troops ONLY. Hitler was convinced Churchill would agree terms afterwards. My Granddad was at Dunkirk evacing, spoke of 'fear of being attacked' but they weren't attacked on his ship & many many more.
So looking forward to this movie, and it's NOT because of Harry Styles. All honesty though, nice to see him trying his hand in acting. Way more excited about Mark Rylance, though. I swear to God if I am in a theatre and some fan girl squeals whenever they see Harry on screen I will throw my popcorn at them. Don't disrespect these soldiers. Just don't. Question to the One Direction fans; can you name which World War the Battle of Dunkirk took place during, without looking it up?
Every plane sounds like a Stuka -.-
Dunkirk. The original Bexit.
i watched beauty and the beast and they put this trailer
harry styles I am a big fan on u and 1D
MY BABY????????????????????I'm so proud of him
like si viniste por Harry Styles ???????€???????
am not going to be intesided in this movie because there just coming back and fourth and back and fourth of the beach and theres not going to be a lot of action so why do the soldiers have guns
The lucky ones died at Dunkirk. The unlucky ones are still alive.
tom hardy??????????????????????????
Not a word in for the brave French defenders holding the pocket
IT'S RATED PG-13!
Yes a movie about the war in belgium and NOT FRANCH OKAY!!!
"???????????? ???€??€?D???€??€?u???€??€?n???€??€?k???€??€?i???€??€?r???€??€?k???€??€? ???€??€?M???€??€?o???€??€?v???€??€?i???€??€?e???€??€? ???€??€?(???€??€?2???€??€?0???€??€?1???€??€?7???€??€?)???€??€?||???€??€?H???€??€?D???€??€?|| ????????????
 ???€??€?W???€??€?A???€??€?T???€??€?C???€??€?H???€??€? ???€??€?N???€??€?O???€??€?W???€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€? without registration https://getpocket.com/s/MNen6"
I guess this year is going to be WB's year !/
Who the fuck is Harry Styles?
really can't wait for this next CHRISTOPER NOLAN's movie
I will watch this movie just because harry is in this movie
Mons 1914 & Dunkirk 1940 the B.E.F lives on!?????€????????€???
Finally a WW II movie that doesn't celebrate and romanticize how US troops pretended to help France in order to vassalize it.
Anglosaxon propaganda..........again, no french in it even thought france saved the brittish in the cost of 25k french mens.....
"I was glad to download Glitter Dogs
 70's style rock
 iTunes"
It's been confirmed this movie will be pg 13! WTF man!
"I swear I heard that song before that starts at 1:28
 can someone help me find it? :P"
6k disliked morons
Who else came here for Harry Styles?
PG-13...? Now seriously? It has to be at least Rated-R....! It's a war movie...
hans zimmer and christopher Nolan best combination
"???????????? ???€??€?D???€??€?u???€??€?n???€??€?k???€??€?i???€??€?r???€??€?k???€??€? ???€??€?M???€??€?o???€??€?v???€??€?i???€??€?e???€??€? ???€??€?(???€??€?2???€??€?0???€??€?1???€??€?7???€??€?)???€??€?||???€??€?H???€??€?D???€??€?|| ????????????
 ???€??€?W???€??€?A???€??€?T???€??€?C???€??€?H???€??€? ???€??€?N???€??€?O???€??€?W???€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€? No Survey or Registration Stream now @ https://getpocket.com/s/MNpCa"
i can't wait....
"pg13 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaahahahahhahahahahhahahahahaha!
 ''war movie''"
Whats the intro song called? The choir one?
"They need more war movies from German and French perspectives or at least acknowledge French involvement and their hard work

 But this movies looks pretty damn good either way"
ceiling can't hold us by macklemore....music inside? anyone?
I'm not sure I can wait until July
when am i able to wach this movie?
The trailer itself is art, i love it.
Harry omg I'm dead????????????????
did I see bf-109s with fucking stuka sounds? Also they have to add in the French
If Harry dies I'm gonna be sobbing so loud
lame as fuck
Let's hope this shit bombs.
Spoilers: The British make it out and the Germans (technically) win.
"I hope this film is amazing as the event it portrays.

 If no one knows the story about Dunkirk, look it up. Holy shit."
where is the gas?
Good to know there's some testosterone left in the world.
my bae harry styles cant waitt to see yhis movie
This movie will be our only chance to see a fucking member of One Direction dying.
Your Hope is your Weapon Your Survival is your Victory
I already know it's going to be another masterpiece of Christopher nolan.
tom hardy ???????€?
This trailer got me emotional af. Especially with the music
Im gonna watch it because of harry
im finna be up that movie theater 1D asff
one boat that help get British soldiers off of Dunkirk was the Sundowner which was commanded by Charles Lightoller who was the Second Officer of the Titanic.
Who else came for Harry Styles?
cant wait for this movie.. tom hardy looks so cool...
That prologue to it was intense as hell
Looking forward to this as with all Christopher Nolan movies and the music is done by Hans Zimmer :)
Zimmer + Nolan = Legendary Masterpiece.
I swear Nolan better give the French people as many Ws as he can, tired of seeing America war movies taking all the Ws
tired of war movies, but it has tom hardy. so I will watch it in the theater.
for all of you french people who are offended by the whole white flag thing, get the fuck over it. It's not meant to be taken seriously, it's just a goddamn joke, you guys talk shit on Americans all the time but when someone jokes about you guys, you act like someone just spit all over your family. I have much respect for the French and their huge contributions to both world wars, but come on do you really need to be that offended.
looks very interesting.
Why does that guy just swim into the ocean?
is this pg-13 or r??? All his films since batman begins is pg-13 but the subject is surely r.
At 0:38 you can see a lot of the soldiers lying on the ground with their heads covered are far too still to be real actors. I think they are dummies. It gives the scene a weird, dream-like feel.
God... the scene where the soldier leaves everything behind and goes to swim home is so powerful. I can't wait for this movie.
ow even the trailer don,t look good !
No one care who Tom Hardy is until he put on the mask at 1:48
that!Harry style (handsome)????????????????????????????????
Who enjoyed hacksaw ridge
This movie looks good but imma cry because it's a sad war movie ?????€????????????and my gorgeous husband Harry Edward Styles is in the movie and Harry's not camera shy ????????????????
Anyone know the song 1:29?
When I saw Kong in imax today, they showed the 7 minute preview.. This movie is gonna be extraordinary in imax!
Who the F is Harry?
Rotten Tomatoes is already giving ratings for this movie. It's wayyyyyyyy too early right now. I can tell that these guys haven't seen the movie. I'll say this: Ignore rotten tomatoes and just watch.
"haaaaaaaaaaaaarryyyyyyyyy
 ?????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???"
why is everyone crying about the french? oh no french on the movie wah wah!! history isn't to kind to a country that surrounded in a little over month get over it not to hurt your french pride but france needed the help of a shit ton of other countries to defeat germany twice.... if anybody doesn't get enough credit in WW2 for defeating hitler is the soviets love'em or hate'em.
i need a new trailer
if the rumors of nolan using a legit WW2 german plane(not a replica) and crashing it, i will not watch this movie.
My friend thought this was about Pearl Harbor
">the only shot of Tom Hardy is him, in a plane, putting on a mask

 that's a big meme reference for me"
this...this is male privilege.
I was seriously learning dunkirk today in history class , it's so Amazing learning about it , can't wait to this movie!!!????????????????????????
"1:01 That's a Stuka siren, don't do that. That's just wrong. 1:47 You did it again? Seriously?

 0:35 THERE you go, that's the right sound to the right plane. Scratch that, no sirens attached. Dunkirk has failed the immersion test."
"You need to see this video titled : ""Dunkirk 1940 - How the French Army saved GB""
 I truly hope Nolan mentionned the courage of the so many french soldiers who sacrificed themselves to allow british forces to escape."
Brexit?? the prequel, when we left the hell hole of Europe.
the Nazi's would probably have won over Europe and possibly north America if the Luftwaffe hadn't jacked up the operation.
solo de ver a Christopher Nolan como director veo venir una gran pelicula????
Maybe this film will finally explain us the mistery of why the Nazis didn't destroy the British at Dunkird... A must see for this year :)
Epic!
DUNKIRK DUNKIRK DUNKIRK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"If you want to exit while watching this in full screen, you have to either hit 'escape', or click on Iron Cross.
 ...choose your side."
Am I the only person who is agitated by the fact some of the girls seeing this movie are only seeing for harry and not the history around the film?
Another film directed by Christopher Nolan with a soundtrack by Hans Zimmer? And this one is about World War II? Shut up and take my money!
So Nolan-y, confirm as an Academy Award nomination haha
Waiting for the movie. .....
Peaky Blinders here.
Lowkey only gonna watch the movie because Harry Styles is casted in it
is this the harry styles movie??? i think ive got some better trailer making sounds in my channel... :P
time must be hard when the 3 direction disbanded
God bless those Luftwaffe pilots :D
I'm so excited! Nolans back, and he's working with Cillian Murphy! and Tom Hardy as well.
aaaaaah harry
And what about a movie about Britain's bombing of Hamburg hmm?
MY BABY MADE IT. IM SO PROUD OF HARRY
As a British lad I would like to thank those 30,000 French soldiers who sacrificed themselves so that 338,000 both British and French soldiers could be evacuated from Dunkirk, their sacrifice wasn't in vain it shall not be forgotten.
Excelente, muy buen trailer.
this movie has harry styles from one direction
I hope hazzah I mean Harry won't die lol
OMG, <3 harry styles still on this movie, i cant wait on this movie <3
Just learned about Dunkirk in history class today, and Christopher Nolan is my favorite. Can't wait to see this film!
I am a directioner who grew up with history buffs, so naturally I am excited for this movie. but just because I am a directioner, does not mean I won't slap people silly every time harry styles comes on the screen. I love him just as much as the next person, and i am extremely proud, but i am there solely for the history of this heroic time that shaped our history.
For all you fangirls 0:48
Waiting for trailer #2 now
I hope this is the new saving private Ryan ,not the stories but how cool were the battles
Anyone else gonna go see this movie just because of Harry?
This is film is a war between history buffs and Nolan fanboys
Did anyone notice the dodgy Union Flag on the truck at 0:13?
Compared to guys who defended Stalingrad, these people did not seem that significant.... until now
ww1right ???
Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy ?????€????????????????€???
I don't know if I'm more excited for another Nolan movie or another Zimmer soundtrack.
If this isn't rated R I'm not watching it
"Genuinely excited to see this film.
 Love Christopher Nolan and it will be interesting to see Harry"
Everyone is saying that the only reason Directioners are going to see this is because Harry is in it, but I'm a huge fan of Harry and I'm absolutely OBSESSED with anything World War 2. So...? ???????€????????€?
Much respect to the brave British soldiers who fought the evil Germans so that Europe can be invaded and conquered by Muslims and blacks.
"Nothing in this video makes me want to see this movie.
 I will still watch it because of C.N., but the trailer just doesn't do it for me."
sucks that this movie is only getting attention cause of harry styles. I dont give a fuck about him being here I want to see a historical movie
"The Hitler" trap
when battlefield 1 becomes a MOVIE
HARRYYYY
Christopher Nolan, Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy? let's fucking GO
Polish Airmen helped to defend British soil...let us not forget
HARRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
When will we see a good movie from the germans perspective, they were way cooler anyway..
Why harry styles?
I sincerely hope this movie gives the German Army credit for letting the Britsh troops leave the beach!
Lads chill, Harry style isn't the main character. He's a side character. He may have 10-15min in the movie for all that matters. The latest Premiere cover doesn't even have Harry on it because he's not the lead. So calm down, Nolan is not an idiot to cast a talentless singer in a lead role. He wants to spread the knowledge of this event among younger audience that's why he cast Harry. Harry is going to be sidelined anyway so that's okay
Great actors, great theme, great composer... this must not be a dissapointment :)
Anyone else think this looks uninteresting? I like Nolan's movies, but I just can't get into the trailers for this movie. Maybe it's just poor marketing, but this doesn't look remotely interesting
That score though!
"WTF....!!!!!
 P51 GERMAN ?????????? MINUTE 1.:04 ...!!!!!!!
 FAIL NOLAN....!!!!!!!!
 FAIL...................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
0:15 easter egg
sieg ohayo
Discount Hacksaw Ridge
I fear the film industry is out of ideas (endless reboot, sequels, remakes), so they make a movie where germany have upper hand, yet allies still wins against the odds. The evacuation in reality was a tactical success, beacuse Royal Navy had overwhelming power to perform the task and after picking up their boys they sunk half of french Navy.
"I just heard word that Harry Styles is in this.
 I don't really give a shit and I honestly just care about the film as a whole. Personally, I'm not huge on war films but this looks intriguing tbh"
I love this type of films, but I have to recognise that I'm here to see Harry Styles???????€????????€????????€?.
I like how the British Officer played as a German General in Valkyrie.
So many people have been complaining that Nolan cast Harry Styles in this movie, but you've got to remember: they also complained about him casting Heath Ledger as the Joker. What's my point? NEVER DOUBT NOLAN.
if Harold dies i'll be digging my own grave
10/10 becouse of Christopher Nolan and Harry Potter
???????????????????? ???????????????? ????????????????????????? ???? ???????€????????€? ?????????????...
That soundtrack though... Very Zimmery.
"FROM CHRISTOPHER NOLAN"
Harry styles in Dunkirk wow
Harry????????
My grandfathers unit was on the Maginot line when the BEF was encircled so didn't get the chance to escape. He and most of his unit were eventually captured and spent the rest of the war as POW being used as slave labour in a German salt mine. I hope this movie does not ignore the sacrifice of those men and others like them.
this trailor shows how germany fucked brits only hahahah
I'm here for Tom and Cilian, two of my favourite actors ^^
hope it's not another propaganda movie about war
I never thought I'd see the day when Harry has short hair ???????€????????€?
Christopher Nolan has lost the privilege of getting premature Oscar win predictions so I'll have to wait to see this.
"1:48

 ALL ABOARD THE BANE PLANE! TIME TO GO MOBILE!"
Im cant stand wating for this ?????€????
Yes!! Can't wait!
It'd be nice if Christopher Nolan didn't ALWAYS have to include one or more actors from previous films in all his movies. Interstellar would have refreshingly bucked the trend if he hadn't had Michael Cain in Interstellar but now here he is again with two actors we've seen extensively in his previous films.
Did America win the war?
DOES KENNETH BRANNAGH ONLY PLAY ROLES IN MOVIES INVOLVING NAZIS, I SAW HIM FOR THE FIRST TIME LIKE A MONTH AGO AND SINCE THEN I SAW HIM IN THREE MOVIES IN TOTAL AND THE THREE OF THEM WERE ABOUT THE 2ND WORLD WAR
"""From Christopher Nolan""
 Say no more, fam. That's all I need to know."
Harry styles is acting in this movie!!!!
Oh man, this looks terrible. I was hoping to see some early WW2 combat.
I'm watching this...I SAW HARRY STYLES
This one's gonna be a tear jerker
Did you really had to put that faggot in the movie?
best director and picture nomination
Scarecrow+Bane+Harry Styles = Perfection
Dunkirk was a total disaster for us I hope they are going to show what really happened and the soldiers both French and?? british that held the germans up long enough to get them off the beaches Dunkirk was not our finest hour .
A great movie (if they include the french much better) mostly going to be watched by 1D fans...who will actually watch to see the movie comment below V
FUCK ME HARRY
SHAME ON YOU NOLAN !!
Having Harry Styles in this movie is good, dumb kids nowadays don't even care about histories, maybe this will drag their attention.
i cant stop watching this
00:21 because luckily for us hitler decided to a fucktard that day.
Nolan's back !
most of the comments are people freaking out about harry and people pissed because there is no french soldiers.
Its funny how every meme and joke about surrender and combat cowards are bout the french, when in reality the british ran like the devil himself is chasing them across the channel. :))))
35000 French soldiers sacrificed themself to give British chance to evacuate. If this movie will not mention French soldiers... Then it will become one of the worst war movies ever.
Awh My Harry????????????
"who else came here just for One Direction?

 (because if you did, GO SOMEPLACE ELSE, PLEASE.)"
For people who don't know the history, the man who dives into the sea is most likely going crazy thinking how close the shores of Dover, England are to where they are, Dunkirk, France and decides he is gonna try and swim the channel or try and swim to one of the destroyers out at sea.
La ver???? s????lo por Harry???????
the masterpice, chirstopher nolan
Listen, if Christopher bloody Nolan thinks Styles is good enough to be in a Christopher Nolan movie, then that's good enough for me.
its about the british and french retreat from dunkirk when the Germans pushed them out in 1940 which lead to the eventual german occupation until 1944
Shit why in july???? I wanna watch this now.
Harry what?
I can smell Oscar.
Harry styles ??????
Harry!!!!?????????????????????????????€??????????€??????€??????????????????????????????????
Nice to see Kenneth Branagh back in action
"You can practically see it from here.
 What?
 Oscars."
The world is not freackin ready for this film
never forget kids, nazi's are ****s
Harry styles, i cant wait to watch this movie
Omg Harry... ????????????????
this looks great, now where a stailngrad movie
My heart skipped like three beats in this trailer,I bet the movie will be amazing????????????????????
i really hope this movie is good
i'm so proooooud of my boy ok
"quem s???? vai ver por causa do Harry?
 eu!"
i am a huge nolan fan but i kinda have a bad feeling about this
Directioners where you at
0:47 hmm that dude on the left looks a lot like Harry Styles
This movie will win many oscars
Imagine being a soldier at Dunkirk, German tanks and soldiers closing in on you, and the Luftwaffe kicking your asses from the air.. I'd just tell my men to leave me alone and let the Wehrmacht take me. I dont wanna die in a transport ship.
"Yo solo la voy a ver por Harry Styles :v
 v????monos a la verga"
looks lame, just like other 100s of war movies
I don't what is it about Tom Hardy but every time I see him on screen I get this sense of intense epicness. No matter what character and what movie. Just epic.
Wait, do we have hans Zimmer on the soundtrack?
Can already tell that both the movie and soundtrack are going to be outstanding
MAAAAANOOOOOOO ???????
i swear if harry dies in this im gonna go in my closet and curl up in a ball and cry
I'm going to keep it 100, even if Harry wasn't in this movie I would still go see it because I'm obsessed with history it's unbelievable. However congrats Harry on the film and props to everyone in it and to the director!
This is cancerously innacurate
"This movie looks pretty boring.
  Butttt Harry Styles so."
i think it will be a great movie,beside this movie is from cristopher nolan????????€?
anyone else here because HARRY STYLES!!!!
James Franco and Danny McBride are in the new Alien film and Harry Styles is in a film directed by Christopher Nolan and costarring alongside Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy? Well, 2017 sure is shaping up to be an interesting year.
no mames! harry no se tiene que morir :v
"Oh no, bad Germans again
 As always"
THAT MOMENT WHEN YOU SEE YOUR BAE HARRY STYLES
I hope there is some good Bf109 v Spitfire dogfights in the film. I mean some realistic dog fights, not some cgi cartoon looking shit that has planes defying physics.
I'm here for Harry
Really like the music which starts from 1:28 ....No surprise that its Hans Zimmer ^_^
If someone thinks this is a only biography WW2 so wrong , This is about us mankind to how we are living in this world remember what the tang line said "The event that shaped our world ''
"eagerly waiting for this movie only because of the #CHRISTOFER_NOLAN...
 the legendary director of-
 #INCEPTION #PRESTIGE #DARK_KNIGHT #dark_knight_rises. #intersteller.... and many more..."
How do you think this will do in the box office? I say 400 million WW?
I'm so proud to be English
"There are very few scenes in Harry
 I think the film will be based on the full tom hardy
 I hope it does not"
glad to see he's going to release war movie, Enjoy...
Americans and brits make good movies about this war but seem to forget that the Soviets are the ones who really won the second world war and paid the biggest price.
i hope it will not simply be an english point of view movie. lots if French soldiers lost their life trying to slow down the german troops. hope Nolan don't forget that.
Hans Zimmer my man!!
Name of soundtrack please
A good film for sure, but this wars are boring me.... i want to see films like inception or interstellar, more creative films...
I needed another Christopher Nolan movie
STOP AT 0:48 THAT IS MY FAV PART
this movie better be R rated .
came here after watching inception!!
scarecrow and bane
yay another ww2 movie!
1:28 Those low piano tones accompanied with the looping electric sound is gold to my ears. Hans Zimmer is without a doubt a living genius!!!
HARRYYYYY ????????????
how come nobody is talkin about that sick ass soundtrack at 1:29? hans zimmer has done it again
There are Spitfires. Sold. :O
1:28 the music. zimmer ,is it?
Since Nolan doesn't like CGI, I'm so hyped that the movie will actually use real-life history vehicles
shame that it will be PG-13 ..
I've always been a fan of World War 2 movies and I just know this one will be good.
i just hope to see some blood to in this , i never see blood in nolan films, and this is a WWII film so....
OMG!! Harry!!!
"Tu la sens la propagande am????ricaine venir la tu la sens bien l?? ?
 Ils ont essay???? de ridiculis???? notre arm????e avec Bush et son intelligence inf????rieure ?? z????ro,
 plusieurs fois dans dans films ou des jeux vid????o ils ont fait dispara????tre l'arm????e fran????aise.
 Mais vous le sentez le trucs venir ou ils vont parler vite fait de l'arm????e fran????aise et ridiculis???? l'arm????e anglaise pour pouvoir dire que ce sont les meilleurs?
 Et pouvoir ????ventuellement vendre leurs merdes qu'ils appellent ""armes"" aux autres pays?"
like si viniste por Harry
OMG!!! Harry Styles!!
harry
"""You can practically see it from here.""
 ""What?""
 ""Home."""
I hope harry styles' character dies from an airborne attack before he says a word. just to disappoint the 1d fans lol
Isn't it Dunkerque?
I am amused at all the whining from the French in the comments. Without seeing it, they believe this movie wont have any French in it. In addition, some French nationalists called the evacuation 'abandonment', ignoring that many French were evacuated as well. Out of around 350000 evacuated, one-third were not British, but French, Polish, etc.
I'll watch everything directed by King Nolan. And everything with Tom Hardy in it. So - won't miss this one. Looks bloody fantastic
I like to watch dunkirk not because ilove war movie,but because HARRY STYLE IS THERE ????????????????????????????????????????????
if I hear one screaming fangirl at this movie I'm slapping them to next year
1:48 That's a big guy
I've been waiting for this movie since the one direction fandom leaked photos of harry styles working on it over a yea ago????????????????
lemme guess. The Germans lose again.
Soundtrack sounds good!
Chorando pra caralho
Just watching this trailer,can feel the horror and fear of war!
Wonder if this will be rated r or pg-13
HERE FOR HARRY STYLES, TOM HARDY AND FIONN WHITEHEAD
1:17?? im?? look?? the?? indonesian?? flag
the music sounds like music from Interstellar
Harry Styles .....
Kd as directioners? S???? vou assistir esse filme por causa dele ;)
If anyone can take Saving Private Ryan's place, it would be directed by Christopher Nolan...even though his last endeavor wasn't his best by a long stretch, actually probably his worst
So excited to see how good Fionn will do as the lead in this movie!!
I came here for Harry .
Nolan will win an Oscar for this movie.. I hope :)
Is this movie going to be R or Pg-13? If it does end up being Pg-13 I really hope that it doesn't hold the movie back as a war movie.
Christopher nolan,hans zimmer,tom Hardy and harry styles....i think that this movie can Be the best sold of 2017
eu s???? vou v???? por causa do Harry
"It doens't matter what the Rotten Tomatoes nor IMBD reviews are...

 We all already know this deserves 4 oscars, including best director and best movie."
0:47 you know we all screamed.
Legit don't even need a trailer that shows footage anymore, just label Christopher Nolan name and get will instantly give millions. Legit because of that name people were excited for Man of steel and yes first half was nolan second half clearly a man on drugs.
I hope they show the French soldiers who stayed behind and defended the British at Dunkirk as the Germans advanced
The horn at 1:43 is godly
HARRY IS MY BABY
This movie better not be rated R because it was already hard enough for me to not get caught sneaking into the Hacksaw Ridge theater alone.
Is Tom Hardy in the Luftwaffe?
I just love when hollywood makes movies that make the germans look like criminals. The germans never fired on them, they let them all escape to England.
HARRY BETTER NOT DROWN
im more excited about soundtrack from Hans then actual movie
"Did I just saw Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance ?

 With Cristopher Nolan ??

 Damn Im gonna like this one!!"
1:31 music ??????
see video with song then die on my channel
Nolan directing a ww2 film? This is gonna be intense!
"do you hear the noises?

 the sounds of the ""history experts"" mobilizing to shit on this movie"
Of course in this movie there going to show how the allies magically walked away, in reality, Hitler let 300,000 men go free to he could negotiate with Britain. History is written by the victor.
Anyone know the name of the music near the end?
so i'm really gonna be the stupid fangirl who screams when Harry comes on the screen but still loving to get a 2 hour history lesson
Literally the second I saw Chris Nolan's name I immediately wanted to see it.
I'm concerned this will be the first Christopher Nolan film i'll actually dislike, my great grandfather was at Dunkirk and I don't want to see the sacrifices made by him and those other fighting men be wasted in a bad adaption of what is the key moment of ww2.
1:11 that's harry, don't lie to me
waiting ????????€?
So excited! Harry styles!
"Me: Who the fuck is Harry Styles?

 ...googling...

 Oh, fuck me."
Dunkirk: the first, huge, mistake by Adolf Hitler.
i really hope this movie isnt just a propaganda movie to show how brave british soldiers are while in reality they were heavily defeated in Dunkirk, I expect more than a propaganda from Nolan
???????Life, although it may only be an accumulation of anguish, is dear to me, and I will defend it.???????
1:53 Is that Harry??!! Please don't tell me that he dies.. ???????€????????€?
Come for Tom Hardy
I cannot wait for this movie to come out ! Cillian Murphy + Tom Hard + Mark Rylance + Christopher Nolan has to be a recipe for success.
Is Hans Zimmer on this?
Let's hope harry styles dies early in the movie
Harry!!!!!
Christopher Nolan is amazing, it's evident that he knows what he's doing, so he must've saw something in Harry Styles to even consider putting him in a movie when he never acted before, so let's all just calm down.
Angry German Generals, when Hitler decided not to act upon the opportunity to wipe out Britain's Field Army.
for harry
who else is watching this because of harry styles?
messerschmidt bf 109 with a stuka sound... ?????€???
Is this Hans Zimmer on the soundtrack?
possibility threaten relative rough monthly field broadcast blood cake warm.
Let me guess... Its Hans Zimmer's music?
17 M of views??? Oh wait, its a Christopher Nolan Movie...
I expected the comment section to be filled with thought provoking discussion around the Halt Order but celebrity bs is cool too
just listening the amazing inception soundtrack, can't imagine what will Hans Zimmer bring his masterpiece into this movie, just like what he did in the interstellar
Christopher Nolan & Hans Zimmer strike again. #hyped
This is OSCAR WORTHY
HANS ZIMMER IS THE GOAT.
Don't lie, you only want to see this movie because of Nolan and Zimmer
The tanks stopped, because Hitler did not want to be at war with Britain. It was never his goal.?? Yeah, Goering in his bombast want to finish the job.?? But Hitler really did not want a beaten Britain.
well some more propaganda for ukip fuckers.
"The 10th masterpiece..
 If you know what i mean.."
waiting the moment when harry styles die here and the directioner will burn the studio up
Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer = Dream Combo. Definitely watching this movie. The sound track from 1:28 - 1:56 gives me hope this wil be a masterpiece like intersteller and inception, which both also had amazing soundtracks.
DUDE WTF, that hype music sounds very similar to macklemore song Cant hold us.
My Fav Director and actors! Love it, can't wait
Wait a second! Did Cillian Murphy fight WWII in Dunkirk or in Cecoslovacchia with Jamie Dornan?
"There are two way to make loads of money.

 1). Make a superhero film

 2). Gain such a good reputation as a director that people will watch the movie regardless of the title."
MY FROGGY PRINCE
"...these fuckers were chasing me ...-what he means to say is Fokker. -No, they were definitely Messerschmitts."
Kenneth Branagh, Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy?? I can't really tell from the trailer but this seems like another world war epic! And oh yea Harry Styles too
Im really annoyed going through the comments and seeing people being like "girls will only show up because of Harry Styles" "It's going to be so annoying." etc... It's not 2012, people grow up, people aren't idiots. If you're so annoyed and complain, then don't watch it in theatres.
N y 1 here for Nolan in sted of Harry....
I came here for WW2 and Harry Styles. 0:47 anybody!?
"Yo if HARRY dies in this movie
 I'm out"
I'll watch this movie for Harry sorry Alevi ???????€????????€???????
I imagine my self in theaters covered by the girls screaming at Harry Styles and im all about the plot of the movie...???????????????????????€?
the mivie sounds great and the plot is amazing. but where are the french in all of this? they were there to. if somebody has the right answer: 20 points for gryffondor
Nolan the name is enough
0:09 marana mass
Everyone's commenting "oh harry styles is in it, that'll make all the teenage girls wanna see it" but does it really matter who's in it or why u want to see a movie? like if it sounds interesting, then go watch it, if it doesn't then don't. its THAT simple.
Hope to see a great movie. But the event that shaped our world (mean WW II) is Stalingrad battle. Unfortunately we havn't any cool movie about it.
I hope we will see the sacrifice of the french soldier who allow the english to flee and continue the war.
I thought this was a WWI movie but they are flying WWII planes.
who's here for harry ???
yesss i am soo exited!! hahaha my best part is the two parts that harry get in the camera ???????€????????€?
Had me at Cillian Murphy
i come bc harry's there ???????€? lol
"if directed by christopher nolan, so very good film.
 waiting for dunkirk"
Again! The cinematography of 2017..!
Everyone is being rude to harry about being put in this movie. And people are way overreacting. Harry doesn't care about these pointless hate comments so you guys are wasting your time. Harry has worked very hard and deserves being in this movie!
I wonder if Tom Hardy will be crashing this plane? with no survivors
"L????on Degrelle:

 ???????We talked about England. I asked him bluntly: ???????Why on earth didn????????t you finish the British off at Dunkirk? Everyone knew you could have wiped them out.???????

 Hitler answered: ???????Yes, I withheld my troops and let the British escape back to England. The humiliation of such a defeat would have made peace with England impossible.???????"
This might actually contest Saving Private Ryan as one of the best war movies ever. I have high hopes for Christopher Nolan.
Apocalypse now.
I just hope the fangirls can refrain from screaming in the theatre when Harry shows up onscreen! (this is coming from a Harry fan)
is that harry styles ?
Lol get ready for some boat warfare
quien vino por harry styles y su amor directioner?
a moment of silence for those who came here see harry styles but he didn't say a single word
I'm here because of christopher nolen.
can't wait for this movie, it's going to be intense, but In a good way
This movie seems great. Kinda the movie i've been wishing for except I wanted it to be with the British and French trying to hold back the Germans in the Ardennes or somewhere else in Belgium in the early days of the war. That'd be amazing. Still this movie looks very promising.(Coming from a cheeky Merican)
Everytime I watch this I get the chills
Christopher Nolan, Hans Zimmer, Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy? You bet! I'm SO going to watch this movie in theatre!!!
I would love to see Christopher Nolan do a movie on The Battle of the Somme or Verdun now that he is doing a world war ii movie. Give world war i some love
too bad french troops are lose main battle in paris to stops nazis. dunkirk it was hell.
hazza ????????
WHOS GONNA WATCH DUNKIRK JUST BECAUSE HARRYS IN IT!
i think this movie will be not rated R because this movie looks?? SURVIVAL to me and not WAR
On this day (14 Dec 2016) in 2014 was uploaded the interstellar teaser trailer!
Harryyyy
yayyy tom hardyyy
Who gives a fuck about harry styles when TOM HARDY is in this movie?
Anyone else thought that Harry Styles looked so sexy with his new hair cut?
RAISE YOUR HAND CUZ YOU CAME HERE FOR HARRY STYLES XD
Does anyone know if this will be pg-13?
When Harry Styles was mentioned , I was so fucking sold omg
Straight outta ICarly
"???????€????????????€????????€? ???????€????????? ???????????????? ???€????????? ???€????€? ???????€????????????? ???????€????????????€????€????????€? ???????€????????????€????????€? ???????????????€????????€? ???€????€????????????€?
 ???€????€????????????? ???€????????????€? ???????????€????????????????? ???????? ???????€????????????€????€?????"
0:43 Was that soldier actually trying to swim out of there? He looks like he was all ???????Fuck this shit I'm out!???????
Christopher fucking Nolan....that's enough...!!!!!!
Tom Hardy @1:47?
no disrespect to the amazingly brave men who fought this battle, but this preview rates meh. more war porn. teaching men that their job is to die horribly and get shot to pieces.
"reasons to see this:
 1. Harry Styles
 2. Harry from 1D
 3. Harry
 4. hot British singer dude
 5. Hairy Stiles
 6. HARRY STYLES"
Im Brexit and i cant see why people in and around mainland Europe would say i was bad for that....we fucking gave it are all while those we where there to save had crumbled.....fuck the EU..!!!
Whatever happened to the thousands of French soldiers?
I would have gone to see this movie anyway Harry being in it is just a bonus
MY HAZZA ?????????????????€???
I will see this in the cinemas for sure but I got to stop comparing everything to Saving Private Ryan because I'm always left disappointed
meh, when the fuck is Spielberg and Hanks doing something again!!?
where is Tom Hardy?????????? I saw him two seconds
Looks good but everything looks so clean & neat?
Nolan is doing it finally, he is going to ask questions of Spielberg and scorcese. He will make a movie that will not be complex, not Sci-fi but instead a movie which speaks nolan inside out. Seriously, this movie is not about the actors, but the director.
i can sense the 1d stans coming out of hiding
in a movie theater I saw a 10 minute trailer of this it was very cool but I cant find it anywhere on youtube. Anyone know how I can see it again?
Who only came here for Harry?
The scrore is produced by Hans Zimmer....nuff said !!
you should have fought Germans in 1939 or earlier as we proposed you fucking miserble cowards
Cillian Murphy + Tom Hardy + Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer = MASTERPIECE!!!
Great cast.
Hans zimmer composed new ost for this movie toov
I finished watching it, pretty shitty how all the British troops die when their boats sink.
Nolan + Zimmer ... expect a masterpiece....
A lot of people like to joke about the French, but if it weren't for them buying the Allies time, this miracle may have been as successful.
harryyy
This trailer has had 17 million views and I've likely contributed 500 of those. I wish I was kidding.
Instead of me and other guys complaining about Harry Styles, I'm gonna be the one positive person and tell him nicely done kid!!! He went from 1d to being cast by CHRISTOPHER NOLAN! Honestly that's sick, props to Harry no lie!
This looks amazing. I got chills. I also almost flipped a table when I saw Harry. I've been waiting to see him in a trailer?????€???
i hate Nolan, he Always steals my Money
HARRY HARRY HARRY! ?????€????????€?????????€??? :D
As soon as Harry Styles showed up, WOW his hair
Love you WarNer Bros.
Does anyone know a movie where a girl and a guy in two opposing countries Germany and United Kingdom had an alliance, it just release recently
As a proud Brit myself, I expect this film will be brilliant to watch. It is about time there was a movie on the British perspective of the war. Although it reflects our most desperate and darkest time throughout the entire war, it is good to know that we would eventually bounce back! (North Africa, Battle of Britain, Invasion of Normandy, etc). I do believe that without Britain, the war would not have been won by the allies. Having said that, Dunkirk was a miracle. Britain could have been elbowed out of the war completely if Hitler didn't order for his tanks to stop advancing.
Who Just came here to see #HarryStyles ?????€???
the sacrifice of the soldiers
my favorite thing about the comments on this video is the grown ass men being angry that Harry's in this movie lmao you guys gotta chill
goerring sold the lie and twice ..............if the german's had moved in with their tanks..............game set match.........
The only movie in 2017 that i am actually waiting for.
"can't wait to watching this movie in theater.
 also looking forward to seeing Battlefield game going back to WWII!"
FINALLY! a movie maker gets the feel of a WW2 movie right, every director always makes everything look aged, but at the time it wasnt. if you pause at 1:35 you see a spitfire looking brand new, not like a 70yo aircraft, the leather, the clothing and the paint everything looks just right, bravo!
Im hyped as fuck. Not because of Harry Styles...just because Christopher Nolans movies are always amazing. Inception and The Dark Night...classic
can't wait watch this !!! Christopher Nolan is the reason !! my all time favorite movies r prestige nd dark night !!!
I'm so hype
Harry Styles??????
0:48 the guy on the left looks SO much like Harry Styles
Another incoming masterpiece by Christopher Nolan!
harry styles
I think in the next trailer will arrive something supernatural
Harry????????????????
Murphy and Hardy enough said
Honestly I just miss Harry and one direction
Where is the IMAX option in the quality settings ;)
Lol, the whole one direction fanbase here? ???????€?
HARRY STYLES ??????
"FUCK YOU CHRISTOPHER NOLAN !
 Where the fuck are the Frenchs soldiers ! You insulte the french soldiers who fought too in Dunkirk !"
I am looking forward to this film to much because it is about Dunkirk and not because of some famous guy.People that are only wanting to watch it because of Harry styles don't understand the importance of this event in history and need to be to educate properly and how to be individuals and not following the crowd.
I'm not okay
0:49 FUCKS HXHXHS
omg Harry Styles ??????????????
I'm so excited for this
"""Hope is a weapon""

 How does this play into The Battle of Dunkirk? Sure, they needed hope to evacuate alive, but Dunkirk was a traumatic defense."
Michael Caine better be in this.
i wonder if anyone knew Harry styles would be in this
This trailer alone shows Nolan's pure and truly amazing directing skills.
Surprised there's no Americans randomly appearing out of nowhere to save the day..
Morri e revivi 60 vezes quando Hazza apareceu!!!! HAAAARRRYYYYYYYY
Always the villains that have to keep convincing themselves they're the good guys. Easy to demonize people when they're not around to stick up for themselves. No wonder the west is dying. bunch of cowardly disgraces to your ancestors.
Tom Hardy is already terrifying enough as a villain, fighter, etc ... now you go out and get him a plane with bombs?!?!
This film is going to be amazing
bane and scarecrow ?? I'm fking sold lol
"great trailer - truely a turning point of ww2 -
 you can check out video on Dunkirk on my channel - explaining complete scenario in less then 10 minutes - its ranked in the 1st page of you tube as well"
came for harry styles, stayed for the soldiers who sacrificed during this war
I hope that the armies of France and Belgium get a cut in this movie too. They fought a heroic rear guard action to make sure Britain could evacuate.
how can people dislike such a good trailer
Harry!!????????????????this movie is only just gonna Get big beacause of harry???????€????????€??????€??€?
Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy and Harry Styles....? I have a sudden new interest in war history, which is completely unrelated to hot Englishmen.
Can't wait for this movie!
I salute the BEF but remember the French army sacrifice please thank
"3 types of people

 1. only wanting to see the film bc of harry styles
 2. skeptical ones bc of the overhype the film is getting bc of harry styles (and just has to hate on the film bc of it)
 3. people who actually knows christopher nolan and has trust in him (as well as the cast)"
Wow this looks like an incredible war movie. Nolan will go down as one of the greats! If only inception didn't exist...
Was that Harry Styles?
Aneurin Barnard Harry Styles Jack .... OMG
The music that starts at 1.29 gives me goosebumps..
(Edwin) Jarvis -
More disgusting filth wretched from the bowels of SJW media.
first flop of nolan
Let's recycle the same ten brit actors in every other film. At least its not another take on blue collar tough-guy brit + action movie though.
Harry Styleeeees ?????€????????€????????€???
1:49 they took out the smiling extra Ahahahh that's too bad, he made me laugh everytime.
What is scarecrow doing here? And where is batman?
this looks amazing
WHO AM I KIDDING I AM HERE FOR HARRY
the comments section is pure cancer
1:43 typical amazing Hans Zimmer sound
What scares me the most is the thought that 90% of this entire movie only takes place at that one beach!
What is the music ?
HARRY FREAKING STYLES
why are french women stupid whores.? menthality, nation of slaves, cowards and selfish loosers. lose ww1,lose ww2,lose in algeria war in 1950-s, what now? second africa and middle east combined. Congratulations.
it is a war story related to war being written by an unknown author
"cuts to clip when harry is underwater

 I WILL SLIT EVERYONES THROAT IF HARRY DIES!!!"
Harry styles is there OMG,and the most amazing thing is that my History's teacher told me about the moviee???????
I literally only saw Harry 3 times.
watches the video me: HOLY MOTHER OF JESUS ITS HARRY STYLES SWEET MERCY HELP ME
Hope the french army would not be ignored.
this guy is a genius. Normally movies like this (war) only attracts man viewers, by far right?? All he did was take a guy that most girls love and BOOM! Now you can almost double the viewers. Genius
here for harry styles and noolan
Harreeeeh
???€????? ???€????€????? ???????????????????????€????????????? ???????????????????€? ????????????? ????????????????????? ???€????????? ???????????????????? ????????????????€????????????????????? ???????????? ???€????€????????????? ???? ???????????????? ???????? ???????????€?????????????????? ???????????? ???? ????????????????????????????????????€????€? ???????? ????????????????????????????.
Live today, fight another day
what is it rated?
"so there is a god
 WB let Nolan to a war movie"
Hopefully Hans Zimmer's epic score can make up for that PG-13 rating
If Harry's character dies I'll literally cry
Excited for the Movie and .... HARRY STYLES.
If nolan directed a gay porno, id buy it
I'm honestly willing to give this Harry person a chance. Who cares where he started or what kind of fan base he has? If hes a good actor, thats all that matters. I'm pulling for him. This movie will be great
I doubt Nolan would allow Harry Styles to be in his movie unless he was impressed by his acting, I have faith.
If Christopher Nolan makes a movie on Barbie, I will still go and watch it
Christopher Nolan directing.. Hans Zimmer scoring.. Cillian Murphy.. Tom Hardy. I can't fucking wait
I have no words boii I'm gonna be UN that theater on the first night
"Me watching this trailer:
 Harry?is that Harry? FROG SON?!?! HARRY!!!! Is that you Harry???!!"
as soon as I saw cillian murphy I was sold
Directed by Christopher Nolan ft. Bane and Scarecrow
we got 400000 tommies to get back home
Movies that I am watching this year in theaters Star Wars Episode vii the last jedi and this movie. That's all. But if another movie I find interesting. I am watching it as well
Why would they evacuate when they still have 400,000 men?
I like Harry Styles, but im here because of the plot...
I'm here for Harry Styles???????????????????????€?
I swear the whole movie I'll be like Where is Harry???????????€????????€????????€?
1:13 The BFG
Someone should make a film on the Operation Market Garden, the greatest failure of the Allies in WW2.
I really loved Saving Private Ryan, an all time classic, this movie by Nolan looks up to the challenge to be up there also, looks amazing by the way.
"I really do hope that unlike most of Anglo-saxon movies, this one will pay some kind of tribute to the French Army who sacrificed 35 000 men in order to make this evacuation possible. I'm so fed up with the surrenduring jokes ...
 Anyway, amazing job by the Brits to have pulled this off !"
i was a history major in german high school. dunkirk was never mentioned at all...i am somewhat shocked by this
I was sold as soon as I saw Tommy Shelby
Please be rated R please be rated R
Respect to the lads who fought there, but isn't this one of our most humiliating defeats in history?! Getting driven back within weeks of an attack. Abandoning our allies the French (ran across the Channel and never came back for 4 years) and then proclaimed it as some sort of victory?! There is something peculiar about that. We insult the French for surrendering, yet they went on fighting, without our help, for weeks after, while we sat safely across the channel doing not very much. We would have lasted 10 minutes if we had a land border with Germany... There needs to be some reassessments in British history or at least people need to read more. If you had read any good anecdotal evidence, there were some good rearguard actions but the majority were quite poor performances by British units.
No one should make guy of this film what you see here is not made up it actually happened
harry in this movie it is definitely gonna be sold out
"I'm laughing at all the people complaining about Harry just 'cause he was in a boy band. If you wanted to sing and your only chance was being in a boy band, you wouldn't say no. You'd take the chance. And people said that he had to audition like everyone else, it wasn't just given to him. You guys are completely close-minded.

 I can't wait to see this because I'm a huge history nerd and WWII always peeked my interests. And I can't wait to see his performance.

 I wouldn't spend 10ish dollars on a movie I wouldn't wanna see just because of Harry so you shouldn't completely shake off this movie that has ONE person you don't care for.

 There are amazing actors in here, I love Murphy and respect Hardy, don't blow this movie off."
I'm just watching this because of Harry styles
Woaw an anglo-saxon movie about WW2. I'm sure it will be an accurate representation of the events and not some sort of glorification of Britania. I mean it's not like war stuff was giving them bonners down there....
0:47 The Biggest Hollywood Boyband Snowflake In History is in a war movie...we're all fucked if we get to WW3 now. We're gonna have fags toting bongs and dildos...
who else is here because of harry styles?
Love Cillian Murphy.
It's OK, just doesn't seem a movie that can give you hype like The Dark Knight and Inception.
"I have the strange feeling that this is going to be yet another WWII movie where the French are completely left out of the picture... The Germans suffered tremendous losses because of the sacrifice of French soldiers who, contrary to what people think (probably because of anti-French Hollywood propaganda) delivered tough resistance - some say THEIR resistance is what enabled the escape of the allies.

 Oh and just in advance as I can see it coming, anybody that wants to say the French military is cowardly (surrender monkey blablabla), the French have the best military record of the entire military history of Europe."
my god... the master is back...
I'm most likely going to be the 10% of people going to see this movie who actually know what's going on in history.
Nolan, take all of my money
How could 6,000 people hit the dislike button? THIS looks amazing.
Now this is a war movie I want to see
I am watching this movie just for Christopher Nolan and Tom Hardy.
Dunkirk was one of the worst German blunders of the war.
How come that kid got tats on his hands during this time of age ?
does anyone know the song at 0:43? illI subscribe back if you answer ?????€??€?
Does not look very innovative....
"This is the best trailer ever





 Better than any other one i saw"
The thumbnail reminds me of Battlefield 1.
HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY
Hitler, ordered the hold, so he can negotiate for piece with England, but the alcoholic jewish pig churchill did not want that!
"holy shit
 a ww2 movie NOT about americans"
bullshit, all of it
Well considering its a historical movie....There will be no twist ending right?
The soundtrack though
0:48 HARRRRRRRY YAYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What is Crane doing here
"nolan and tik tik watch sound
 gret mixer"
HARRRRYYYYY STYYYLLLEESSS????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????sooooo efffin excited
This is a real painted picture
Just a question. What happened to that guy on the boat when the two men had to cover his screams? Did he get like shot or something?
"Let's hope the french contribution in the ""miracle"" will not be forgotten. Churchill about the siege of Lille:

 ???? These Frenchmen, under the gallant leadership of general Molini????, had for four critical days contained no less than seven German divisions which otherwise could have joined in the assaults on the Dunkirk perimeter. This was a splendid contribution to the escape of their more fortunate comrades of the BEF ????

 ??????€? Winston Churchill, The Second World War. vol. II."
Finally a historical war movie without all the Fictional Bullshit you see today.
How many are here for Chris Nolan?
a non-american war epic directed by Christopher Nolan with a cast that includes Tom Hardy & Mark Rylance, AND Hans Zimmer doing the score? COUNT ME IN! CAN'T WAIT!
This will be the best movie of 2017
Anything Christopher Nolan directs turns into gold. Even if he directed a "bad" movie, it would still be pretty good.
this will be 2017s best movie
this will be 2017s best movie
1:19 it's the BFG
british imperialist fucks completely crushed by germans and the stupid idiot queen is still rejoicing
harry is so fucking beautiful????????
now we just need Joseph Gordon Levitt to do a shit go-pro film about this
What's the story about?
Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer + Harry Styles? It will be amazing!!!
why is harry in this?? i understand its to attract more sparkling dust viewers for income. they should given the role to someone else who wants to break through the acting/film industry, someone who is unknown instead of poop star who has a quality life, is well known and lives the dream a many singers. its like he stole someone else dream of being in the movies.
Cool!
0:47 HARRY
Battlefield 1 DLC yaaay!
I am 100% watching this
I want to see it b'coz I saw Harry Styles.
"Hey guys,

 I've developed a very small application for fun. It contains nice lines from movies. If you would like to see, can it download from

 Android:
 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ray.movielines
 iOS:
 https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/movie-lines/id1190467634

 Send me feedback if you have any"
I came here for tom hardy
Song?
Too bad Christian Bale isn't in this.
Harry Styles and History!
"guys: ""I'm here because of Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer and their take on the evacuation at Dunkirk""
 girls: ""I'm here because of Harry Styles""

 hmm..."
"Classic example of ""History is written by the victors"":

 >Britbongs get #rekt

 >'Twas a heroic withdrawal"
"Ou est la france dans le film et le role des troupes fran????ais dans l evacuation des troupes britanique qui a permis au britanique de gannier l angletterre de la defendre et de pouvoir gagner la bataille d angleterre en restant et en faisant des contre attaque nombreux sans repos pendant 20 jours alors que les allemand comptait sur leurs redition les francobritanique ont detruit les forces de la luvafe permettant la victoire dans la bataille d angletterre ou est present dans cette scene le role des fran????ais qui on couvert le reppli britanique pour proteger leurs retraite j usqu au havre
  C est juste ab????rant et clienteliste"
"in fact, english soldiers seem to behave as average tourists in France.
 They stick together, live together and mix with no one else but their own
 Oh boy... i'm already starting to hate this film and the adoration it will creat in my country !"
"let me guess: no mention of the French army who covered english retrait at the cost of
 25 000 men killed...
 Not one french actor in a major role just another anglo saxon piece of bravery occulting historical truth...
 usual business... Remember who died in Dunkerque to allow english disgracefull retreat..."
Where are the french!?
But I'm really excited to see this movie it looks really good????????
If Harry dies I'm gonna fricking be pissed ????????
who want to see the movie for Harry
My favourite moment 0:42 - till the man disappears in water ... truly fantastic
This Movie Looks Good ???????? . I Know Ima Be Happy When I See Harry Styles But , I'm Sorry When I Seen Him Drowning In That Water I Busted Out Laughn ???????€? I Gotta Feeling His Gonna Die Either Way . (I Love Him Thou???????? & ' I Would Probably Cry If He Does???????€?) .
Can't wait for this movie, I want to see some Frenchman to kick some Nazi ass
1:42 Carl Gallagher
haRrY
Dunkirk, where History gave away who really controlled Hitler, and the world.
This time i really don't know how, but Nolan will amaze me again...
When are we going to get an accurate movie about The War of 1812 and the burning of the White House?
1:49 FUCK IS IT TOM HARDY ????????????????
People saying that Hitler offered peace with Britain while they were stuck on Dunkirk is rubbish. It's a fact that Hitler only offered peace to the Allies once the American Paratroopers took back control of France and Holland, and by that time, Germany was surrounded.
Who the hell is Harry styles and when does he show up in this movie
te amo demais harry
"This is what you call a masterpiece.

 Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer + British involvement in World War Two movie = Absolute masterpiece."
All the allies, all of them be it French or British or other allied nation there, where brave in facing the overwhelming tactical superiority of Blitzkrieg and achieved a miraculous withdrawal at the cost of many lives to save even more lives, anyone who speaks against this bravery insults their memory and they themselves are the greatest of ignorant cowards, they know not what it was like back then, they know very little of history or military conflict, they merely spout lies anonymously in cowardice.
Christopher nollan and Hans zimmer and ww2 i am so gonna watch it
What's the music called that starts playing at 1:30
HARRYYYY
"I just got back from france. Visit Dunkirk.
 I was quite astonished that there was basically nothing honouring the men that fought so hard."
you had me at harry styles
I want to see Dunkirk so bad! I love war movies. I also love Harry Styles. so ya. lol
"I bet a lot of you know it all little bitches complained about Nolan????s choice for The Joker too... just in case you forgot yes I am talking about Heath Ledger.
 Many people want to see this movie for different reasons and some people will go just/also because of Harry Styles there is no harm in that, the Earth will continue to spin on its axis, you don????t have to be so aggressive about it and to verbally abuse these people.
 Jesus haven????t you learned the lesson Nolan knows what he is doing or at least untill now he did ... I am not saying Styles is that good but he might... give the guy a chance or at least let him be and do his thing.
 What the F did he do to you to say all that shit about him and to hate him so much in the first place?"
I'm crying! I have always been interested in WWII to begin with, but the fact that Harry is in it makes me wanna see this movie more. Him drowning...I never wanna see him look like that again. I thought Harry crying over the poor African children was bad...crying so hard right now
Lundkirk
My Little Cupcake -
holy shit Harry Styles ????????????????????????????????????????
Harry Styles?
omg this movie is so awesome i live on urk ?????????
@1:03 was that a Hispano HA-1112 Buchon painted in German colors?
Ha! Cant wait to watch some Tans get rekt!
you know it's gonna be a blockbuster when you hear Christopher Nolan
Who is Harry Style?
Tom Hardy + Spitfire = Gotta See
Christopher Nolan is a genius. We all want to see Harry Styles die and it's going to happen! :D
Great Granddad was there, Shame hes not around to be a real critic of the film, either way interested to see what he had to go through.
I bet this movie will get Oscar in 2018 for sure
this movie has not even a single female actor lol thats the thing to be noticed
Never Give up......courage.
"People in the comments who are saying that Hitler let his infantry and armory stop to give the British, French and Belgian armies mercy is the biggest load of crap I've ever heard. I'm obsessed with the events of WWII and I was made to believe that the only reason Hitler ordered them to hault was because the terrain was too bad for the tanks to try and go across and he didn't want to get precious tanks stuck in mud or damaged so instead, he sent a massive bombardment of artillery and planes to attack the troops on the beach of Dunkirk. After the constant bombings, he then ordered just infantry to pursue to the beach but the French army acted as a sacrifice while the Germans were making their way to Dunkirk in Lille (look up the Siege of Lille), the French army basically knew they had no chance in stopping Germany coming through but it gave the remaining troops on Dunkirk time to escape.

 Also, people saying that Hitler offered peace with Britain while they were stuck on Dunkirk is rubbish too. It's a fact that Hitler only offered peace to the Allies once the Allies took back control of France and Holland, and by that time, Germany was surrounded mainly by the Russians, but also by the American, British, French, Canadian, etc."
I can't believe this movie is rated PG-13 unbelievable. A war movie should never be rated R, Ever!!!! It's disgusting that you would mark it to stupid 15 year old girls because fucking Harry is in it.
im so excited ugh
Ma quanto ???? bello Harry styles ???????€???
waiting,......
"Someone: Your favourite film?
 Me: Dunkirk
 Someone: What? But it's a historical film, about war And you hate this stuff
 Me: Harry Styles plays the main role, bitch
 Someone: sights"
WHERE ARE THE FRENCH SOLDIER ?!
harry ????????????????
"christopher nolan..
 the man doesn't know how to make bad movies.."
i feel like this movie is gonna fuck me up bad
History, War, Hans Zimmer, a great cast, and Nolan? Let the games begin!
I promise my mom is right about this,if Harry Styles wasn't in the movie I won't go see it lol ???????€????????€?
I really want to see this movie ( so I can see harry )
Putting Harry Styles as a side character was a pretty smart marketing gimmick by Christopher Nolan judging by the comments.
I have a very important question. Why must everyone stereotype teenage girls and boybands? We're not all loud obnoxious 5 year olds, yes some of us may be a little overwhelmed or excited but not all of us are like that. So I don't see the need to say "I hope Harry Styles dies a gruesome death," because there really is no point that will just cause a bigger disruption. So there really is no other need to go commenting how "You'll have to be listening to a whole bunch of screaming girls," because I know for a fact that I am going to see this movie because I actually have a interest in this war and I may be a fan of One Direction but that does not affect in any way on why I am seeing the movie. So before you go judging other people think about what you're saying and how it would affect you if they made fun of your life, and I understand that there may be a few people that are screaming, but guess what! THAT'S LIFE! There will always be a few obnoxious people and you really don't have to get worked up about it!
why is everyone doubting and hating on harry?nolan himself said that he is an amazing actor and a very talented person.And how can u say that 13 year old fans do not understand the plot of the movie and will be watching the movie becoz they r directioners?..i am a 13 year old who has a keen interest in history and wars and i've always enjoyed nolan's movies..i m also a huge fan of harry which makes it 10 times better for me. Stop hating him as he's a wonderful down to earth person who wants to try something new during the hiatus..i love him n i cant wait to see him in the movie and enjoy his killer gucci looks in the movie promotions.I do not mean to offend anybody but try to have compassion for someone who is trying to do something new. Dunkirk will rock
For all of you shit heads saying this is going going to be success because Harry Styles in it, fuck off. This movie is directed by Christopher Nolan, the guy that did Interstellar/Inception/ Dark Knight trilogy, all movies receiving Billions of dollars in revenue. Even if it wouldn't have Harry in it, it would still be successful since it has Cilian Murphy and Tom Hardy in it. Oh and the music is done by Hans Zimmer, greatest german composer of out time.
I'm studing the WWII and now I see this trailer, cannot be more exited about watching this film!
harry omg i'm dead
"Reasons to watch this movie:

 1. Directd by C. Nolan
 2. Tom Hardy is in this movie ( like tf who wouldn't want to watch this gorgeous man)
 3.WWII ( greatest war of all time)"
Hazza <3
"This is a shitty trailer.

 It's like the trailer to a creature feature trying to keep from showing you the whole monster. :{"
my harry!!!!
Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer? I'm 100% Sold.
I just saw the extended preview the other night before an IMAX showing of Rogue One.?? Looks pretty amazing!?? Finally saw some French troops.
This looks gooood and damn Cillian Murphy ?????€???????????
In Nolan we trust
"After two weeks of meager rations we were told to eat the horses. After seeing what light work we made of the horses General McTufty had us eating anything that couldn't fall in to German hands. Rifles, tanks, ammunition clips, we ate it all! The locals would sometimes give us herbs and vegetables to help the 6-pounders go down."
"Germany and France are great friends of India .. and even in world war 2 they helped India to get independence from United Kingdom. .. but after independence UK and India have become very good friends...
 so as an Indian I can't take any side .. I just love all the countries in this movie..."
Oh God! Can't wait I can bet right now this film would get an eight+ in IMDB
Now if only Hans Zimmer was doing the score all would be perfect!
"Looks good, but where the hell did they get the props from?

 Look at the 'union flag' 14 seconds in. That not upside down, which is very common in the movies, it just wrong, they've got the board whites all wrong. compare it with the correct union flag https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Flag_of_the_United_Kingdom.svg the broad white diagonals should always be on the top, in the trailer one is on the top and one is on the bottom. At least the US were not in the war at the time so they won't get the stars and strips wrong as well.

 I'm sure I will still watch it, but getting things right is a bit of a pet peeve of mine."
????????
went to go see Hidden Figures today and right when I entered the theater, I heard this trailer. I ran to the front bottom row and waited to see Harry styles. I was the only one applaused for the trailer and almost screamed. can't wait for the movie.????????????????????????????
honestly came to check out this trailer because of HARRY STYLES
"I know most proabably don't know/couldn't care less what I'm talking about.
 But PLEASE! Do the Blu-ray versions justice like Interstellar/Dark Knight/Catching Fire. Try to master the imax footage, at least to 16:9. Have some sort of switching aspect ratios! I don't expect 4:3 or anything. Just, put as much of the intended image on screen!

 But all these companys are cropping imax filmed content, to 2:40:1- 21:9. You're losing up to half of the intended image in these cases! 'Captain America: Civil War. BvS both cropped all their imax footage. So if ya didn't see it in Imax, too bad! Even the 4k version of Catching Fire, cropped the 2nd half of the movie!"
So many people getting butt hurt over Harry being in the movie. So what? Do you really think Christopher Nolan would cast him if he couldn't act? And for all you grown men complaining about little girls screaming in the theater, most of the girls who were 13 year old fans then are 18 and 19 now. So I doubt you'll be hearing constant squealing whenever he appears on the screen. If you really aren't going to see the movie just because he's in it, maybe you're more immature than the fan girls.
points at screen OH MY EFFING GOD THAT'S HARRY. * 1 minute later when he is screaming underwater* NO DON'T CRY I'LL SAVE YOU!!! anyone else?
that beggining tsk tsk tsk in music reminds me of interstellar
I'm waiting for that German 20 mm to hit Harry in the dome
"So many talented filmmakers to look forward to this year!
 Chris Nolan
 Paul Thomas Anderson
 Bill Condon
 Kathryn Bigelow
 Woody Allen
 Noah Baumbach
 Darren Aronofsky
 Guillermo Del Toro
 Alexander Payne
 Denis Villeneuve
 Jennifer Kent (The Babadook)
 David Robert Mitchell (It Follows)
 Roman Polanski
 Steven Spielberg
 Alex Garland (Ex Machina)
 Aaron Sorkin
 Dan Gilroy (Nightcrawler)"
i wanna watch this so FUCKIN BAD!!!
If Harry dies in this movie I'm killing myself ????????
The only reason why most ppl will watch it is bc of harry styles
I mostly want to see harry
Harry looks so awesome ????????????????????????? the drowning part tho ???????????????€?????????
I can't wAIT OMG IT LOOKS SO GOOD
The reason why Im seeing this movie and why it will probably be amazing is: Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer. Sure, Hardy, Murphy and Rylace are a great add on, but Nolan and Zimmer are the best duo ever. And I give 0 fucks about Harry fucking Styles.
these men are actually angry and hating on Harry because he is in the movie and we are watching it for him. okay first most of us aren't just watching for him.. second what's wrong even if we are seeing for him. did we ask you pathetic people your reasons that why will you watch then don't fu*king judge our reasons. - sincerely directioners.
"4 Movies I Seen From Christopher Nolan
 Batman Begins
 The Dark Knight
 The Dark Knight Rises
 Inception"
I'm sure that most of the girls will watch this movie because of this gay from One Direction
Hans Zimmer at - 1:28
lolz at the super influx flux of school youngsters posting here on a new ww2 movie trailer.. usually its the history nerds, war buffss and older folks into this genre ^____^
when u see Harry Styles and u freak out
where is SIR MICHAEL CAINE !?
someone saying there sad because a lot were just interested watching this because of Harry Styles but please atleast kids these days will be interested in History and more fans for Nolan, give Harry an oscar will you
yes they evacuate when you know History, but sadly the scene where Harry is drowning says that, because the boat was full of survivors and, you already know why he's drowning
i may have come here for harry, but damn. after this trailer im sure as heck watching it for Christopher Nolan. im sold
LA PUTA MADRE, HARRYYYYYYY!!!!!!! ah ??????????????
Grown' men crying in the comments bc there's a guy from a boyband playing in a war movie. How pathetic.
I was sold when I saw HARRY STYLES
ostende,gand and bruges is in belgium and lille is in frensch
is this about Belgium or frensch ??
I want to see this just for Harry
5000 dislikes...i think they are all normal brainless humans..
world war 1 or 2
0:22 WRONG! Hitler offered peace to the warmongering "allies" by letting them go at Dunkirk. Want the REAL DEAL? Watch "The Greatest Story NEVER Told"
we interstellar '2'
n posso perder o filme do meu Harryzinho ????????????????????????
My soul is with Dunkirk.
"people all saying that ""if Harry dies I'm going to scream in the theater"" it's about war so I have a lot of reasons why I need to watch this, cause

 OH MY FREAKING GODS LEFT ALONE THIS TRAILER I WAS SCREAMING SO HARD WHAT EVEN IN THEATERS JUST WHEN I SAW HARRY I'LL FREAKING FLIP OUT... and possibly get kick out by the guards... hehe just saying"
Great Britain have its own independence more than 600 years, and british empire was most powerful in history of mankind., so lets french " heroes" just shut up, they are now just muslim slaves, french women are just stupid whores, culture had gone, failed state, thank god after brexit we dont need to listen this burocratic frogs from brussels. good bye europe, land of slaves, home of cowards.
im excited because harry styles
It looks so nce i need to see it .........???????€????????€????????€????????€? harry styles!
Super excited. There's gonna be lots of tears at the movie theater plus mine
What?? One direction are you kidding me
Motherfuckers better include French and Belgian soldiers.
and iv loved history since i was 14. bella nik.
just in case you guys are talking to me,i,m not screaming in the least,im just new to commenting on videos. historical films are a visual depiction of what you read in books so yeah you can learn from it.
What's the song that starts at 1:29 of the video pls tell me
"The actual reason for me watching this was Harry Styles.


 HaRrY FlipPinG StYlEs"
looks amazing.
I really hope this gets Nolan the Oscar he's long deserved.
GOD BLESS BRITISH TROOPS in dunkirk. if they have more support from sea and air, we will take berlin. great movie.
If u see the picture when u click on the vid it looks like bf1
Ahh omg Harry???????????????? I'm so excited to watch this movie
great movie
french women than are belongs to nazis, today arads and blacks from africa, nothing special. menthality of french people - be slaves, to germans, to british, to migrants from africa and middle east......etc. great movie, for me best on this year.
wow wow wow cant wait
"i see cristopher
 i see Hans zimmer
 .
 .
 mam, 1 ticket please :v"
I'm watching this movie only because Harry Styles is in it
Looks great
Tracy Parker
Wow, it had been a good 10 days without a french-hating/revisionnist movie/book/videogame made by the anglo-saxon! I thought for a moment they forgot us!
jerardo.morales
super excited for this movie.
most forgettable trailer in movie history
Christopher nolan ? Brace yourselves al this movie is going to be boring?
bain is back for revenge 1:48
I like war movie and this also make by my fovt direct :) love you man you are aswm
This is gonna be just as great and legendary as Saving Private Ryan. Guarantee it.
everybody dies at the end rip
Is that harry @ 1:54 ?
Totally watching it not just because Harry is in it
ww2 and chrisopher nolan. this going to be my favorite movie 2017
Wow, a film about brits running away before calling french cowards, sounds great!
0:48 HAAAAAAAAzAA
I am from Ramsgate and I am so proud of the roll our little town played in the evacuation.
WELL,I KNOW WHAT I'M WATCHING ON THE 21ST OF JULY.
it's Zayn's birthday tomorrow.happy birthday Zayn..guys put your hands up to wish him ??????????????????
???? ???????? ???????€????? ???????????????????? ???????€????€? ???????????????€?????????????? :))
In loop when the music starts.
I'm a female who loves war movies & i took hours to research Dunkirk it's sad seeing so many French & British Soldiers die. I'm excited to see Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy & Harry Styles. Stop judging these actors they do their research before they filmed & Christopher Nolan didn't just hand a script to Harry he had to audition to get his part I'm thrilled for Harry he deserves some respect
Harry Styles bring me here ???????€????????€?
Love it
This movie looks pretty good but my theory is that all these soldiers look like they are getting hunted by a unknown hunter like are soldiers are all getting killed one by one
I am definitely going to watch this movie because of Harry Styles
best movie 2017
amazing channel i have a channel too if you want go and check it thank you
Nolan + Harry + World War II Movie, must be good
If harry dies in the movie, I swear to god I'm never gonna watch another movie in the theaters
One who controls the Past, controls the Future. One who controls the present, controls the Past.
Im guessing i wasnt the only one to watch the trailer to see harry Styles? yes?.............okay
the Tanks actually stopped because Hitler wanted to show his generals that he is the one in charge. Although some theories suspected that this act of letting these soldiers go (not roll them over with tanks) would make it easier to make peace with Britain. Hitler never wanted war with them.
well - we germans where once again just too nice to those english invadors ...:-/
saving private ryan more over and for the record about bloody time not many tommies from that era left now last we forget
Harry Styles??????
you guys are assholes you put a false copyright statement on alkatraz the animated series witch was made in 2011 yours was made in 2012 get a life and take off that fake copyright statement.
Perhaps a competitor to Saving private Ryan.
????????????????????????????????
Can someone plz tell me the song in the trailer, its so awesome! :0
finally they made a movie about the battle of Dunkirk
Tom hardy and Cillian Murphy UMM YESSSSS
"Was that Harry fucking Styles in my Nolan war movie?

 2017 is treating me right"
"Wanna hear a joke?




 Harry Styles"
whenever I see this trailer , it reminds me of Coldplay - miracles , idk why????????????????????????????????
MY BABYYYYYYYYYY IS DROWNING
i hope we get to watch harry styles die in this movie
I wonder what nolan's end twist will be this time, hope that germans dont win the war
The Reds won the war period.
You can practically see it from here.
Harry Styles is a goddamn crackhead!
The Germans should have never halted the advance on Dunkirk. What were they thinking of? If only they kept advancing then the British and the remnants of the French army would have been destroyed and WWII in the West would have been over.
Hitler did nothing wrong.
i can watch this trailer infinite times
tro bien g tro hate dle voir
Nice trailer, but this dub-step (or whatever this called) music on the background was out of context
When I relished that's now there's are two harry that work for warner bross
AWW NOO MY POOR BBY HARRY WAS DROWNING
Harry ??????????????
I'm a bit skeptical of this movie. Because, here's the thing. Even though the enemy are the Nazis, they were led by one of the moral generals on the German side, Generalfeldmarshall Gerd von Rundstedt. Rundstedt was actually a witness at the Nuremberg Trials, and while he certainly does likely have a fair share of civilian blood on his hands, a good 99% of it is either unavoidable or unintentional casualties. In short, I'm praying to fucking christ they don't show Rundstedt in a similar fashion to General Deathshead from Wolfenstein. Though, the two do look pretty similar..
What happened to the guy that he was holding his mouth? Did something shoot at him?
This movie is about a very important tragic historical event and all I see people caring about is god damn Harry Styles, but I suppose it'll get them learning about some history which is good :-)
Solo vine a ver a harry
What? No Michael Caine? What kind of a Christopher Nolan movie do they think this is?
Mark Rylance!!! gonna be good!
I'm really interested in this and harry is just a bonus haha
So excited for DUNKIRK!!!!!!!!
Harry is so beautiful so so biautiful I love Harry
the new Battlefield looks great
I saw the advertised in IMAX 3D. It looks outstanding!
Who's gonna watch this movie just because Harry is in it? :D
I am fearing the historical inaccuracy ! NOT A SINGLE FRENCH SOLDIER !
Oh my! That drowning scene really got me. It must have been hard for the directors to have that happen. Am I right?
I'm watching this trailer again and again just coz the music of the Hans zimmer!
Just here for Christopher Nolan.
tangina! excited na ako! huhu
what kind of battlefield 1 is this?
It makes sense that Harry Styles is in this; millions of men who fought during the war were his age. Hopefully he can act well.
Why is everyone so shocked that Harry is in this?! There have been so many musicians who have become actors... Justin Timberlake anyone? I mean... just because Harry is a musician, he's a bad actor? That makes no sense. I have faith in Nolan's judgment, therefore I have faith that Harry will put forth a great performance. Why is that so hard to believe for people?
Omg I can't wait to see Tom Hardy and Harry Styles in this... the two hunky heart throbs of my life?????? The new guy in it is super hot too. Damn let's hope they don't all die
Am I the only one who's here because of Tom Hardy and WW2 and not Harry Styles?
Awesome
1:27 Hans Zimmer's score is going to be amazing!
"I'll give Harry a chance.
 there are plenty of singers who are also decent actors, like Justin Timberlake and Jennifer Hudson."
30 000 french soldier have defended the british soldier to allow return in their land. i suppose , this movie will don't show this. after Batttlefield 1 which don't show the french nation , i see again the british-american arrogance.
Yes an another propagand movie! No french soldier in this trailer, about Dunkirk! Soons like battlefield 1....
Good shit ?????€????????€??????????€?
it was an act of grace for Englishmen , rather than no victory .Defeat exchanged for the succes , but the truth are so UK marked shit during 2 of world war and France is already total shit .
Everyone was exicted for this movie becasue Harry Styles is in it but I was sold becasue it was directed by Christopher Nolan hehe
I loved it but it hit me heart when the 6 Canadian dropped in the alley
Written by Hollywood, wonder if they'll add a few Typhus control centers and call them concentration camps again
everyone can watch this movie even if it's just because of harry styles
I definitely will watch this because I especially enjoy WWII movies and I want to see how good it is at emulating the actual events.
"2017 will be the great year for movies! Expand the list.

 Star Wars VIII, Guardians of Galaxy II, Wonder Woman, John Wick 2, Dunkirk, Spider-man, Pirates of Caribbean V, Thor 3, Justice League, Fast 8 etc."
Shame Max didn't use his Spitfire to rule the wasteland. Would've been a great movie.
Nolan + Zimmer + Hardy + Murphy + WWII = Success
one more proof....hats off to CHRISTOPHER NOLAN..amazing direction??????
HARRY STYLES
"thats some amazing graphics
 no but seriously i have to see this movie"
Spoiler Alert:They were evacuated.
I just read some comments and people were calling harry styles rude names. I don't know why people hate him??? He has a heart of gold and obviously those people don't. I'm not kissing his ass, it's just that he's done so much good and there are people hating on him? ???????€?????????
Wow, you mean to say that other countries were involved in WWII besides America?? Cool!!
I was just going to watch because of harry but the movie seems to be cool.
Battlefield 1 the movie
I AM SO FUCKING PROUD OF MY BABY. I CANT WAIT TO SEE THIS I KNOW HES GONNA BE AMAZING ??????????????
I hope they do this piece of history it's due.
My god, this better be rated R.
HARRY! ????????
They put harry in for more tickets being sold bc of fangirls (fanboys also). Smart move...
I hope that Nolan portrays the hopelessness of the situation. Even though the majority of the troops were evacuated, the British army had lost virtually all of its equipment. And the French still had to fight a superior force that was invading their country with an army that had lost all of its elite troops had plummeting morale and no reserves. And I hope they do not romanticize the British. The French defended the majority of Dunkirk while most of the British escaped.
Christopher Nolan is of the best directors of our time
01:55
Looking forward for Harry Styles ????????
I hate when people say that it won't be good bc Harry ruins the movie
People forget that American pop stars Paul Anka and Fabian were in the classic The Longest Day war film.
The God of the Soundstracks Hans Zimmer,this theme is beautifull,thank you
Only because off Nolan I will watch this movie.
Christopher Nolan directing a ww2 movie starring Cillian Murpy and Tom Hardy? I can't fucking wait, holy shit!
???€? Christopher Nolan porraa!
omg.. i am so excited ????????????????????????
many people think that allies were good guys but that is wrong because Allies were as evil as the Axis were.Allies committed many war crimes and genocides and killed millions around the world before even axis came to power.Read about british genocide of bengal where 15 million indians were starved to death by evil british forces which was bigger than nazis holocaust.not to mention americans and britishers killled millions of africans,australian aborgines,native americans etc out of existence!!!Even today british and americans are killing millions around the world by invading nations.WW2 was just a fight between two evil european powers for continuing their world domination!!It was never about good vs evil,hope the people who watch this movie realise tha truth t!!
This could be his best movie since memento, As epic as the inception, emotional as interstellar, as thrilling the prestige.
When this war film has a war between Directioners, history buffs and Nolan-ers...
HARRY STYLES
HAZZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
It's Wonderful
I was just here for Harry being a DIRECTIONER??????????????????
Cillian Murphy AND Tom Hardy? Take all my money!
Parece que esse filme Dunquerque segunda guerra Mundial vai ser muito bom....
cad???? os brasileiros? ?Algu????m?
im so happy Hans Zimmer is making the soundtrack. He also did it for dark Night, Interstellar, Gladiator. Lion King,Inception, and 12 years Slave.
eu vou infartar gente
o por diossss???????????????? harry te amoooo????????????????????????????????
Nolan PLS, dont fuck this up, dont put that Stuka Siren on ALL THE PLANES....
"I'm calling it now. This movie will get nominated for:

 - Best picture
 - Best director
 - Best cinematography
 - Best editing
 - Best soundtrack
 - Best sound
 - Best sound editing
 - Best costume design
 And maybe some acting nominations, but I can't predict that at this point."
Yo solo vine a ver a Harry, chinguen a su madre todos :v
who is watching it in 2017
when does this movie come out?
"0:53
 That gun is a Lee enfield?"
Harry Styles movie debut!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm literally thinking about the walking dead game while listening to this.
Despite Harry Styles being in it, I wanna watch this movie ;3 And I was right, it was in WWII
It's funny how so many people call the French cowards yet completely ignore what the Italians pulled off. Italy literally SWITCHED SIDES in their favor. How the fuck are they not looked down upon for that? Besides any intelligent person who's read a history book knows France are probably one of the least cowardly countries the planet has to offer. Rant over. As for the movie it looks sick!
Harry :*
God, I love the history of this and all... but if Harry's character dies, the movie theater will be flooded with my tears???????€???????
If I can't get into the movies to see this HISTORIC film because a lot of fan girls just want to see Harry styles, I will be very pisst of.
Kya dosto a dekhne mein maja hai
does anyone know where the music is from? or is it composed for the movie. the song at 1:40 is beautiful, anyone know the name?
That moment when you watch a trailer and find the first mistake in the movie after 48 seconds... Gantry cranes? Come on, you should be better than that.
Battlefield 1 now this
"1:28
 What is the song at this time? please.."
harry cut his hair for this
HARRY FUCKING STYLES OH MY FREAKING GOODNESS.
I CANT STOP WATCHING MY SOUL MATE ON THIS TRAILER <3
This might be the last true IMAX 15perf-70MM film ever. If anybody cares to see the true power of analog film with an equivalent of up to 18K resolution go see this movie at a true IMAX theater. As of now there's only one legit theater left located in Indianapolis that isn't an IMAX Dome. This theater is classic. Digital will take another decade to catch up to the quality true IMAX.
Yep, this one goes on my "To Watch" list
Fuck you. Seriously. You think there were only British troops on that beach ? Fuck you.
Kenneth Branagh is THE MAN!
Am I the only one who thinks it's Harry Styles who said "Where are we going?" at 1:11 ?
As soon as the Zimmer music kicked in and the Syncopy logo appeared, I knew this was going to be another classic.
HARRY <3
Michael Caine isn't in this.. This disturbs me.. Deeply.. Considering he's been in literally every Nolan movie since The Prestige.. He's probably like 'I'm getting too old for this shit'
"People are talking about Harry and Tom and I'm waiting this and thinking ""The music is so amazing""
 I was studying about it at my history class but it was like 5 minutes long and I want to know more. Can't wait to see it ?????€????"
looks like Bayism- another Pearl Harbour
I just wish there weren't so many Harry fans and anti-British comments on here. Christopher Nolan made this film for those actually interested in history, and those who just want to see a good movie. My grandfather is was at Dunkirk. So please, be respectful.
Are you sure you got a role Harry's in this fucking movie? I don't seeing Harry.
This movie looks retarded it'll just show the british cowards not even fighting while the Belgians and French fought to save the british cowards, shameful
Anyone know the song playing ??
Music from 1:29 ?
SO EXCITED
Jesus! This looks like an abortion. Where the fuck is the Nolan-budget?? What, no fags in spandex that can fly so it's not that important a WWII film gets money???? What a buzzkill this trailer is. The beaches were crowded with wreckage and vehicles. This looks like it was filmed on a French parking lot.
All the annoying ass one direction fans needa leave like 1D is over lmaoo
Why is harry styles in this????
This movie is going to win best movie
unimaginable ...
What I am not getting is why those BF-109s had Jericho sirens.
"Nolan is my favorite director in 50 years he will be a legend
 Wait he already is"
okay, everyone is talking about harry in 0:47, but wasn't he in other scenes as well? 1:11 he was talking. 1:39 and 1:53 too?
Does Anybody know what happened to the guy in 1:41?
saw this 2 weeks ago
omg
i think the half of the people in here is cause hazza
Looks like ass not gonna lie
LOL if you google "Dunkirk" it says the movie was made in 1958.
pls directioners , dnt scream when harry style part come , specially in cinema
Hopefully Harry suffers a horrible and gruesome death, in the movie that is. Maybe the stupid cunt of an audience he will attract will understand that they are watching a war movie and aren't at a concert where they can scream.
Is there a name for the epic score in this trailer? I need it in my life.
can someone tell me why the germans stop their advance?
0:48 OMG IM FREAKING OUTTTTT! AM I THE ONLY ONE HERE FOR HARRY XD
Don't screw this up!
As soon as I saw that a Word War II movie was coming out I knew this comment section would be full of whiners and nitpickers. I was right.
harry ?????????????????????????????????????€????????€?????????€??€?????????????
"The idea of the Germans somehow destroying the Allied forces at Dunkirk is rather overplayed as a what-if.
 Keep in mind that the ground around Dunkirk was pretty bad for armour, and the British had a large amount of anti-tank guns in play, plus Royal Navy warships offshore and RAF air cover. Putting in such an attack regardless would probably destroy many of the best German formations as viable units, putting the Fall of France very much in doubt. The Germans were also low on logistics such as fuel and ammo, but they were also low on spare parts, and of their vehicles were on the verge of becoming mechanical casualties. Early war tanks were not fantastically reliable compared to today's. On top of that, they didn't have much in the way of things like artillery support, because they'd outrun that as well. The British, in contrast, had fallen back onto their supply lines, so they were well supplied with everything, on top of potential support from the Royal Navy and RAF from the other side of the channel if things got dire enough.

 Hell, to put it in a little more details, Dunkirk itself was terrible tank country to begin with, being surrounded by boggy grounds, marshes and protected along much of the outside of town by a large canal. The British had so many troops trapped there that they could afford to be strong everywhere; there was nowhere to outflank them, the only way in was a direct frontal assault. Dug in around the perimeter were several hundred QF 3.7"" AA guns, the British answer to the German FlaK 88. Those weren't suitable for AT use in the field, like the 88s, because they were heavier and the carriages weren't really well designed for it, but in a situation where they wouldn't have to be moved, they were just as deadly. Any German armoured attack would have ended up literally bogged down, in the open, right in the sights of all of those guns, and then they would have reached the canal and been unable to cross. It was, really, an incredibly strong defensive position, and the British were evacuating troops from there even before von Rundstedt halted.

 The only way to swing it is for the British to surrender on account of the 'hopeless' situation, which isn't exactly inconceivable (they did it at Singapore, for example, despite being in a much stronger position relative to the Japanese invasion force). The BEF actually being destroyed militarily by the German forces facing it at that point is unlikely in the extreme as said before once they get support from the Royal Navy and RAF if things get dicey for the British."
This looks so f** good I can't wait!!!
If Harry dies, I am walking out of the movie
Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer = Bliss :) Another Epic on the way from Nolan..!!!
Harry ?????€???????????????????????????
So...where is the Brit accent?
"I wonder if the film will show how the Royal Navy blew up a load of French ships who wanted to surrender to Germans.

 Before you judge you should know Germany didn't have a surface navy, therefore couldn't invade the UK and the French were going to give them one."
hope its also my best movie..
Good thing they hired a new actor that looked like harry styles to earn more money.
I can't believe girls are attracted to a guy with the most ugliest first name ever. At least he's last name makes up for it.
Chris Nolan... Kenneth Branagh... Cilian Murphy.. WWII... this is gonna be excellent I'm sure.
Am I The Only One Seeing This Because Of Christopher Nolan Not
Turn back now. Youtube comments are cancer
I only saw Harry Styles 3 times :{
Song that starts halfway through the trailer anyone? Thanks.?????€???
Like WWII films; this one looks like it's going to be so good.
Who came for Harry?
Did anyone else see Harry styles?
An awful lot of people commenting on here seem to have got their history from Lord HawHaw broadcasts.
Wonder if Harry's character gets killed off, I mean it looked like he was drowning.... Hope he did a good job acting and this movie looks bomb af.
Spitfires ME 109's okay I will go see it.
Anyone here in 2017?
Why no one talking bout Cilian Murphy?
Nothing about the sacrifice of French soldiers to protect the British retreat, why i'm not surprised ?
I love history and I love Harry styles so I'm sold on this movie???????€????????€?
Spitfires and Messerschmitts ..o my
I will be watching this movie just because of Harry styles ?????€??€?????????????????
OMG, this movie is gonna be good, especially when it has Harry Styles in it :D
Dunkirk or how to make a desperate attempt to flee a heroic act
can someone pls tell me the actor's name at 0:25
i'm a huge harry styles fan but i'm here for christopher nolan
at first I was just into this movie cause Harry was in it but this genuinely looks like an awesome movie and now I'm R E A D Y
omg I cried when I saw harry
Harry ????????????????????????
HARRY MY BAE
"Murphy's such a Great Actor but since he's a Reserved, Private, Dedicated Family Man who doesn't seek the Hollywood Spotlight & isn't in the Tabloids people only know his Face. Any Actor who Prefers not to Travel far from his Family, doesn't need a ""Entourage"" to make him Feel Important and is just...Real I respect a lot.
 His Films speak for him, The TRENCH, 28 DAYS LATER, BATMAN BEGINS, THE WIND THAT SHAKES THE BARLEY (My Fav), SUNSHINE, INCEPTION, ANTHROPOID etc"
This is such a departure from the Films that Nolan has been known for but he's got 2 of his Best and Steadfast Actors in Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy. Both are Supremely Talented but while Hardy is now a Mainstream Globally known Actor who Will Win a OSCAR in the next 2-5 Yr's while Cillian is Horribly Underappreciated.
"This is looking like a really good movie, but its a shame that so many people have no idea what this movie is about. As a WW2 history buff, it pains me to see that most people have no idea that other people besides the US fought in WW2, and im glad to see someone finally making a movie about the other players.
 Also, shame they couldn't get a actual Bf-109 to play the part :(
 But, special points to Nolan for using actual historical aircraft instead of CGI."
"People: OMG Harry Styles is in this!
 Me: Who?"
Note to Self: Don't EVER go into the comment section for a trailer of a movie based on historical events.
HAPPY NEW YEAR Y'ALL
AHHHH
Si Harry llega a morir en la pel????cula, juro que te corto las bolas a Christopher Nolan. :v
This trailer is missing: WOOOOOOONG intense noise. ( ???????? ???????€? ????????)
I know the most of people are annoyed just because Harry is going to appear on the movie, but c'mon... Nolan choose him by a reason, and you cannot say that he's going to suck at it because you haven't seen him already.
If Harry wasn't in this, honestly, I probably wouldn't watch it. But seeing this trailer is actually really sad... I'm excited for the movie lol
Breathing heavy... feeling light headed and dizzy....
Hacksaw ridge was amazing I can't wait for this now
"Me in The theater: ""Is that Harry?""
 ""That's Harry."" ""Is that , no."" ""IS THAT HAZZA.?""
 People:'
  SHUT UP"
when you scream cus you see your boo Harold ???????????????€?
I have seen this film so, so, so many times before.
zimmer inspired from his own inception time theme...anyway trailor is superb?????€???
zimmer inspired from his own inception time theme...anyway trailor is superb?????€???
"waiting...my favourite director
 background music....was ultimate
 Awesomeness... here"
As an Indian I have no idea about Dunkirk..But I am following Nolan since the dark knight and this trailer looks really cool so I am really excited about this movie.. I cant wait its theatrical release in India..
Am I the only one looking forward to this movie because of harry? Lol
hopefully this is R if not I will cut my wrists
watching 15th time
This is going to be Europe in 2017.
WarThunder the movie NOW WITH Stuka siren BF-109's!
Harry looks so handsome in this!!!!!!! I love you Harry Styles!!!!!!??????????????????????????????????????????
Harry????????????????????????????????
We can get a knight wing show so plz help that become a show
My boi Lee-Enifield (SMLE) has returned for a movie
Remember back when there were narrators in trailers
The 1958 version or this one
HARRY STYLES 0:47 1:38 1:53
I am so ready for this.
Glad to hear Hans Zimmer's Tick-Tock brilliance again. Can't wait to see what he does for the film!
I'm reeeeeally hoping Nolan has recovered on his writing on this one. The more ambitious his scope has become, the thinner he's stretched himself, and his writing has suffered because of it. That's where the major complaints about Dark Knight Rises and Interstellar really stem from, and I think Dunkirk, being a biopic, has the potential to keep Nolan more grounded. The event already happened and the plot's already written for him. Plus, we already have a sense of the cinematic scale and the expectation of practical effects and an ensemble cast, both of veterans and newcomers (very fitting for a war film). He just needs to deliver on the reaction to the event and the humanity that came out of it and he'll have made a great film through and through once again.
Nolan is the best. I have high hopes for this one.
?? ???????????????€?????,???????????????? ???????? ???????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????€????????????? ???????? ????????????????????!????????????? 100 ???????????????????????????€????????????????€? ???????????????????€? ?????????????????????????????!
Christopher Nolan, Tom Hardy, and Cillian Murphy; a recipe for an amazing movie.
Imagine what could have happened if all those soldiers got captured by the Nazis. Hitler lost a huge opportunity
Can we get a movie on barbarossa or kursk already.
and the Oscar goes to
1:47 that was a Messerschmitt bf 109, and it sounded like a Stuka smh.
Anyone know name of the song at 1:30 mark?
this is going to make my 2017
First time I saw this trailer was in an IMAX theater, so now I must see the movie in IMAX
my Harry
i came because of harry styles anyone else?
Bold choice from Nolan to cast Harry Styles in such a movie. Looking forward to how it'll play out
Mi diva te amooooo????????
"Why do some people even care if harry styles is there, as long he is acting well.
 Christopher Nolan is smart to put him in the movie, now the one direction fandom is involved. See how the movie starts getting money."
i'm here cause harry is in it i'm so gonna watch this
Song ? :D
Yeeesss!!!???????????????????????????????€????????€???
harry styles ????????
can't wait till this comes out! still sad that tommy dies though.
maybe adding harry styles to this movie, kids will be interested on history
my local AMC didn't show this during a 2d showing of rogue one
I think the fact Christopher Nolan is working with Harry should imply he's not just a singer trying to act, he may actually be very good. Anyway, Tom Hardy though!
Lot of assumptions being made. BOOM, COMMENT!
Harry Styles? Really?
Harryyyyyyyyy ????????????????????????????????
What can expect from an Anglo Saxon movie, except the same boring and wrong crap ? It's the French troops who covered the Dunkirk evacuation and saved English troops, but i bet that nothing will be said in this film?? about?? their role during the batlle of Dunkirk . I suggest to Nolan to watch this YT video : " Dunkirk 1940. How French army saved GB". This is the reality.
came here to see harry???????€?
"0:49 HOLY SH*T I SAW HARRY STYLES AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 man I'm so happy"
Anyone know the song used towards the end of the trailer?
Visuals look amazing but we'll see how it holds up narratively
Omg save Harry freakin Styles from drowning there. I will kill WB when they let him die :o
I've been watching this trailer for so many times! I love it!!
Who's Harry Styles?
Sweet Jesus YES! Finally a WWII movie that looks like it is going to do remembrance of our British cousins in that war a great service.
When I saw Harry I'm like "Oh My Lord."
Anyone know the song they played towards the end?
ok honestly I love history like that's my major in which I'm studying for but wow HARRY FRIGEN STYLES IS IN THE MOVIE DUNKIRK ???????????????????????????????€????????????????????????????????????????????????? sorry but I'm just so happy and so proud of him :,) so shush to all those who are being rude about him featuring in this movie. We, Directioners, are just so proud. xoxo
Hey WB u guys own almost 60???€??€? Hollywood because u guys are the best of business. oh wait one more thing where is the Justice league trailer mother fuckerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrssss.
Man, first WW2 movie depicting the British perspective in a while and it's about the Brits bitching out and trying to run. Aint that some shit?
Grt wrk . Harry u rock .All the love
I was on it at right at the start
"It was really smart to put Harry in this movie because:
 1. From the small clips shown, he seems to have some good acting chops
 2. Even if fans come to see it just for Harry, they will be exposed to an incredibly important and poignant film made by a master director

 So I say let's all go see a great movie!"
Raise your hands if you came here for Harry styles
Ok but what is that song at the end?
Branagh and Rylance in the same movie?? I am SO there.
How does one trailer trigger so many people at once lmao not just about Harry styles but all these yanks ante getting angry and preaching about shit they need to get over
Chris Nolan my father
harry
"1st view : mmmm not that great a trailer
 3rd view : well it has to be good though coz it's Nolan after all
 576382675015th view : fucking classic written all over it ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
 P. S. I'm a Nolan fanboy"
Can he top interstellar and inception with this one?
the British running away in France, just like in the Euro's
This could get quite emotional.
this film looks amazing
HARRY
i dont even know who this harry turd is. please dont tell me. thanks
BWWOOOOOOOOOOOONG
I have a huge desire to see this movie
where's batman?
Dunkirk from the looks of the helmet, looks more like world war 1, looks like the brits run to there death when fighting the germans here like national channel said, also i prepare that other world war 2 movie that was base on a true story of a soldier that never fire a single bullet yet save 75 soldiers. Even a jap aka hacksaw ridge. wosh mel directed unbroken wpuld of told the torture that dude had.
Cant Wait to See Harry die in this Movie
"Such an incredible story of bravery and courage standing alone in the face of pure evil, being stalked by the wolf breathing down their neck.
 As an American, I have more history to learn and more to be proud of than I'll ever know in regards to my countrymen's sacrifice during WWII, but I can't wait to see an amazing story of another nations experience in WWII. God bless those men."
From 0:39 to 0.51 are amazing shots goes great with the music
is that gilderoy lockhart????
when u know what the movies about because school actually taught u something u remembered
I'm fucking freaking out because I just saw Harry Styles in this trailer and more than once! ????????
"can someone explain this movie and trailer?!?!

 the allies didn't sit around for days at the beaches of normandy or in dunkirk waiting to get picked off at the leisure of the luftwaffe. they were paradropping and spreading out in all directions, and had huge air, naval and tank superiority over the germans which were out of position at Calais
 it almost looks like the entire movie was designed to make a 2 minute trailer, plot and historical accuracy be damned"
just watch and don't believe it
Black Hawk Down is the best war movie of all time. And don't say this is American conjecture, Black Hawk Down is a British directed war movie with many British actors.
what's the name of the soundtrack ?
Nolan???€??????€??????????????€????????????????€?????????
1:39 -What highlighter is he using?
It's a must-see movie. I mean, after all the criticism towards "Interstellar", this looks good and Nolan will score it again.
Lmao it doesnt mean that Harrys here people watch it, its because maybe because of him too but of course they wanna know the movie. (Well unless Harry drowns in the first part meaning he wont be in the middle of the movie then I will leave)
I love this film already. Such a pivotal moment in the war. I really hope he does The Battle of Britain next.
more Jewish lies. i dont bother watching lies
It is irresponsible to have 400,000 soldiers on one beach.
Theirs something about the British flag that doesn't look right
The French held the line outside to give the British the chance to evacuate. I hope the film is an accurate reflection of history and not just one sided chauvinist propaganda.
Stukas, the devil of the sky
Just make another Batman movies instead of this BS war stuff.
I can't wait for this to be 10 mins of action and 3hrs of melodramatic bullshit
So Is Tom Hardy A German Pilot Or Royal Air Force Pilot?
Ughhhh I hate movies like this. Re-telling real tragic events that actually happened. It's hard but I guess it's a way to learn how history has shaped us to where we are today. I'm not a big fan of war movies because of this but I may give this one a shot.
Honestly, after seeing the short trailer prior to Suicide Squad, I was excited. But the vibe this trailer let off sort of made it look more like that Pearl Harbor movie from a few years back that sucked. I hope to god they don't fuck this up.
Anyone who saw the IMAX preview knows how much anxiety this movie is going to induce
I hope it will be an anti-war movie.We have already enough pro-war movies feeding the arrogance of jingoes.
scarecrow
01:43
????????????????€????????????€???
Finally another Christopher Nolan film!!
The aerial sequences look really good.
I want to watch this because it looks good and Harry is in it, who I love, but at the same time...I don't know if I could handle all the blood, gore, and swearing that is usually in war movies.
If this film does $1 billion, i think i will take up drinking.
As soon as I saw Harry, I died
all the French climbing out from the rocks "where are the french we helped!?" bich pls stfu this is directed by a British guy. Get your own movie & director if you want to waffle about your cheese.
Jesus that 19th Squadron Spitfire Mk1a's. Those merlin engines better sound right. shame there are no hurricanes though
wow, can't wait!
i cant tell from a movie trailer but i think this movie will be a great one since Saving private ryan .
Cuantas est????n aqu???? solo por Harry? x1
HARRRY MY BABY
I have no idea what's happening but I want to see it
. . . . So this is what happens to Thomas Shelby and Alfie Solomons.
Sacrifice the Scots and Irish, Typical English playbook. And you still follow their bull shit today
All you whiny keyboard warriors complaining how 1D fans are watching it because of Harry like honestly who cares? At the end of the day, we are still watching the movie ???????€? I like one direction and I enjoy history and war movies, and I'm pretty sure a lot of us can relate. And everyone complaining how he's a singer and shouldn't be acting and yada yada yada like he got through the auditions, the director chose him so I don't think your whining will make any difference TBH. Can't we all just enjoy the trailer?
0:50 The sound from the world engine in MoS!
Amazing music of this trailer by Valentin boomes!
I don't wanna watch the movie now. It looks so sad and the fact that it happened in real life makes it more sad.
This trailer would be even more amazing in 4k
i wanna see this movie so bad i want to see if harry is good
Gives me chills if all those men died on that beach...the war could have ended very differently
how many of you are watching Dunkirk bcuz of Harry Styles?? ???????€?
"DO YOU ACCEPT THIS MAN'S NEW FILM?!

 * shows photo of Christopher Nolan *"
Harry Styles????????
if hsrry dies we will hear lots of hysterical fangirls crying, it will be hilarious
What happened in 00:49????
"Don't think too many people outside the UK will want to watch:
 a) A film about British troops in WW2.
 b) A Nolan film that isn't pretentious or an unrealistic sci fi of fantasy story."
meh
Oh those poor Britties, suffering so horribly at the hands of the evil Germans. You can trust Hollywood: Germans are evil, right?
is tom hardy german in this movie?
For a moment there I thought this was a dunkey video.
saving Private Ryan is a very good movie but I know Christopher Nolan is a very good director
Harry Styles 0:47 on the left
"a trailer who does not reveal the whole plot?
 ten points to gryffindor!"
WTF was that harry styles??????????€????????€?
Merry Christmas, Warner brothers. Thanks for the many years of entertainment. It's to bad I'm not a famous actor to participate in one of your movies, it would be cool. Thanks again, God blesses. Peace.
Them opening fast unlike beg training office rhythm lock.
OMFG I SREECHED WHEN I SAW HARRY
My baby Harry sold I'mGoing
TOM HARDY AS A PLANE FIGHTER..FUCK YEA
HARRY JUST LOOKS SO HANDSOME OMG ????????????????
Deserve description reliable salmon poet natural talk.
it amuses me that in all these terrible wars, even if they were very short of soldiers, they would never make women fight???????€?
when does a movie about the genius and hero adolf hitler arive?
Good, now I have to deal with motherfucking fangirls screaming their lungs out for Harry Styles as my ears bleed.
Christopher Nolan directing it that alone is enough to get my money
They need to make a film about that one female spy that disrupted the Nazi's. Virginia Hall, she was a badass.
So i can revise history AND fangirl at the same time? Genius
O KURWW HARRY
Not sure about Harry Styles but I am sold on the film.
yAAAAA BBY
Oh my god harry styles is in the film OMG
Anybody else who felt that the music is epic?!
Dunkirk is my home i live there right now lol
Im gonna watch this movie because of Harry Styles.
NO HAROLD STYLES MY BABY MY CHILD IF YOU DIE I SWEAR
the biggest mistake of this movie is putting Harry Styles in it cause now I'm gonna half to deal with the screams of fan girls in the theater every time his face shows up while I'm actually their for the movie and am interested in WWII as they'll watch the movie for him and most likely not learn shit from it ????????
Battlefield 1 2.0?
Lest we forget, lest we forget.
What is the music called? It sounds legit.
check out my music edit for second part of trailer on my channel
The british were on the verge of surrender. Had the Germans not halted for 3 days, there would have been well over 150,000+ british POW's they would have taken. Britian would have negotiated peace for their return, and WWII would have played out VERY differently. Sometimes i wish i had the power to make such changes in history, only to see the result to satisfy my curiosity.
Please don't be shit, please don't be shit...
Peaky fookin Blinders !
J'esp????re en tout cas que ce sera pas comme avec Interstellar o???? pendant le trailer on a entendu une musique exceptionnelle qui n'????tait pas dans le film au final !! :-/
"HARRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY BEBITOOOO
  ok me calmo xd"
They should have played the battlefield 1 trailer music
Why in the fuck will someone dislike this video?
rip harry
aunque esta pel????cula no salga en espa????ol la voy a ver en ingl????s aunque no sepa ...pero bueno todo esto por Harry ??????????????
"another mega
 blockbuster movie"
"Where is Harry Styles in this? I was looking for long hair.
 Directors film for what sells, with 'artistic licence' trumping reality every time. Don't expect a factual documentary, just enjoy the fantasy (and ignorance)."
I'm so damn excited for this movie
wrong guys won
not a single nigga fuck dis shit really
I still don't get why people are hating on Harry for being in the movie. And I don't get why grown adults are hating on Directioners including myself for going to see the movie just because of Harry. And if you're a grown adult doing that you're not a grown adult at all you're acting like you're 10. You're acting so immature grow up and get a life. So what if Directioners like myself are going to see the movie because of Harry. Directioners are supporting him because we want him to have an acting career. And you know what a lot of people go see movies just because of their favorite actor or actress is in it. If you're a hater hating on us Directioners for going to see the movie because of Harry and you go see a movie just because your favorite actor or actress is in it you should hate on yourself and you're contradicting yourself you hypocrite. Leave Harry alone he doesn't deserve the hate. He's human just like the rest of us. He has feelings too. And please give him a chance.
NO FRENCH SOLDIERS in Dunkirk...Ho ! I forgot, they'll be in DLC, like BF1. #BoycottDunkirk
I swear if any of you screaming chick's scream or cry in the theater while I'm watching this I'll shove the other one D guys dead mom's ashes in your mouth! ???????€????????€????????€?
The Story Of That Time We Had A Jolly Bad Time Sitting On A Beach For Two Weeks, Innit The Movie! Summer 2017!
???????????????????????????? ????????????????, ???????????€? ????????????????€?/???€????????????????€??????????.
"It might interest some of you :
 Nolan used the D627 Maill????-Br????z????, french anti-submarine destroyer, in the movie as a set(decor). You can actually visit the real ship in Nantes, France where she is seating as a floating museum :) I've been working there as a guide, trust me, if you have a chance to go by nantes, go visit the ship, it's really great ! :)"
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Golf cart batteries on my blog at kevinreviews. com/golf-cart-batteries-review/ Thanks. Isidro.
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Goalsontrack on my blog at kevinreviews. com/goalsontrack-review/ Thanks. Romeo.
nice
Rofl meter It looks for me like terrific#resumt mate ..
Which Dunkirk? The evacuation or the Siege?
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Fibroids miracle on my blog at kevinreviews. com/fibroids-miracle-review/ Thanks. Martin.
Atop at 0:49 Harry's there
The miracle of Dunkirk
I'm wondering how many people are watching the movie because of Harry styles and how many are actually interested in the plot of the movie. I'm a little bit of both.
This is anarchronistic as fuck because they didn't have faggots like harry styles back then
Too Many Dumb People Floating Around
Summer 2017 looks so much better then Summer 2016. Hell, July alone has 3 I'm personally really looking forward to. This being one of them.
Sorry to be that guy, but what's the song at 1:21 and beyond? I'm very curious.
I'm going to wager that this will be a piece of shit - I mean, if they can't even get the Union Flag correct, how much else of it will be absolute bullshit fiction?
0:43-0:50 Powerful and disturbing portrayal of when a soldier "breaks". Looks like a promising war movie. May have to go and see it.
Dunkirk from Dragon Age 2? Where is Hawke?
5,702 Germans disliked this trailer.
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Cbpress on my blog at paulreviews. com/cbpress-review/ Thanks. Winston.
why can I not stop watching this??
Make .more shows like Tom and jerry
That BF109 is a buchon right? :/
I'm curious as to whether the film will show the hundreds of allied troops murdered by the Germans while all this happened
lies. And a cheap movie script...
7 Oscars???
???€????????????????????? ????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????? ???? ???????€????????? ???????????????????? , ???€????????????????? ????????????????????
Voldemort, Bane, and Scarecrow are supposed to be the heroes in this movie. lol
Brits running from battle, meanwhile we Americans traveled across an ocean to SAVE YOU STUPID TEA SIPPERS!!
Harry Styles is Beautiful ??????? :)
1:03 Is that person in the middle wearing modern clothes?
"The comment section feels like World War II.
 Everyone is fighting each other."
yea this movie is nice becuase its not US point of view. yea the US did fight but other countries and groups did too like the french had those secrect organizations sod did the Belgiums.
wow didn't even Notice that cunt was in it until I read the comments, in fact I'm looking for him and I still don't see him
honestly it looks like crap
Hope they show the French forces that defended the beach to the death so that British forces could escape.
this looks like fucking shit
i love movies based on historical events so i'm excited for this. plus Harry Styles? can't wait.
It releases on my birthday! <3 ..should I be worried?
I want to see it so bad but I'm terrified at the same time ???????€?
il est ou zoulploux on veut voir zoulplouuuuuuuuuuuuuuux !!!!!
Okay, for all you 'adults' out there bashing Harry, SOLEY on the fact that you don't like his band, get over yourself. Just because he's a musician doesn't make him a bad actor. Start acting mature, and stop beating him up behind a screen.
i like
Is that fucking Harry styles
lol most people aren't mad that harry is in this movie, most people are mad that he is attracting a lot of fans who will only watch this for him and not give this movie the respect it deserves.
"Nice.
 Looking forward to watching it :D"
"My grandfather was among the French soldiers who made the evacuation of Dunkerque (Dunkirk) possible, but were left on the beach and were captured by the Germans. He then spent 4 years in a Stalag where he saw many of his friends die and where he himself almost died from starvation.
 If this movie doesn't do him and his buddies justice, I'm going to be so mad and disappointed with Nolan. Sorry for my bad English."
Kojima just twitted that after seeing Dunkirk's preview he's jealous of Nolan. 'nuff said.
IMPORTANT: I've seen a lot of people falling for the misconceptions that Hitler gave the halt order on the invasion of Dunkirk out of the kindness of his heart or in hopes the British would join him in his fight against Russia and communism and that they allowed the Allied Forces to leave unscathed, this is all false. Hitler sanctioned the order out of fear that there was going to be turn around for the Allied Forces if things continued the way they were based on advice given to him by his top Field Marshals, the halt would only last three days. This allowed the Germans to consolidate their men and strengthen their offensive line, but also allowed the Allied Forces to finish preparations for evacuation and build a defensive line. This was not near enough time for all the Allied Forces to evacuate, but it did make a massive change in what would've likely happened otherwise. 330,000 men escaped, but over 50,000 never made it out as well as losing a massive amount of vehicles, weapons and other military supplies to the Germans.
Fockin Hell.
war is fucking terrifying
Found you Harry Styles !! B-)
"That is not true
 The truth is that Hitler let them go and did not give the order to attack."
That CG aircraft and water splashes at 1:02 looks like from 1995, WTF?
"Wait, Harry from One Direction...

 The fuck?"
???€?????????????????!
Looks so good
Seen some comments and why do so many people have a problem with someone making a British war film. Don't like it don't WatchKit
Cowards
"The enemy tanks have stopped" why?Because hitler is being a fucktard
I dont get what this film is about?
who's here because of harry styles??
movie without female cast???????€?
mayo va poe w e ahahahaha
We know you sent those troops in deliberately to Die - Murderers! Babylonian Murderers - how dare you make a movie about your exploits at deliberately murdering millions of Christians - God is coming for you Atlantis
"Roses are red,
 Harambe is in heaven,
 I got my ass kicked
 By The Legend27"
Where are the french soldiers ? #battlefield1style
Why the fucking hell is Harry Styles in this movie?
"what about the fathen's of french who died, with the british for protect them, when they're was climbing in the many rescue boats ?

 (this is the only batlle where french can be proud on this fucking shitty war we loose)"
"Another WWII movie? really? did we not have enough of those already? Well, Nolan is making one of these ""just another beach"" movies. Great job, really. And look at all those innocent british men on the beach, waiting in perfect line to be shipped back home being slaughtered by evil germans, becaus every german must be an evil psychopath and a murderer, who kill other people for fun, entertainment and enjoyment. Man I am sick of these worthless cashgrab, oscarmotivated, overemitional and usually historicly inacurate wwII movies.
 I should not give fucks about this, but sadly I do, it infuriates me, because lets face it, Dunkirk will get nominated for houndreds of oscars simply for being a wwII movie on another fricking beach, not because the acting is great (it maybe even is) or because it is perfectly made (it most certainly is) but because someone slapped the WWII Tag on it and boom instand garantueed oscar nomination and win! Probably in AAAAAAAAAAALL the categories.
 Not going to watch this."
Harry
???? ???????????? ???????? ???????????? ???????€????????€? ???€????????????????? ????????????????€????? http://catcut.net/Ff15
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Basic skills on my blog at alfredreviews. com/basic-skills-review/ Thanks. Buford.
whu dis Harry Style boi y'all kids keep talkin bout
Pissing me off about the fact that Harry Styles is grabbing the headline ffs. Seasoned actors such as Rylance, Branagh, Hardy and Murphy for me are the reasons why I'll watch this movie.
i hope this movie will not just introduce the british army, there were also belgians, polish and most importantly the french. While the british were being evacuated, the french fought back the slow the advance of the germans
As usual so many self proclaimed history experts who dont know shit , or twist facts for their own national pride in these comments....
those shots <3
Wow this looks amazing!!!
????????????????????????
I'm interested how harry is going to do in this movie and if he'll get booked for more movies. curious...
PG-13 WWII Movie Wow!!!
HARRY MY BABY!!!
aucun francais ?? l'horizon? j'espere que Nolan n'a pas oubli???? la resistance h????ro????que des francais sur les positions de Dunkerk, qui a permis a la casi-totalit???? des troupes anglaise de se replier...
0:47 thank me later
???????????????????? ???????€? ???????€????????? ????????????????????????????????????????€????????????????? ???????????????????????€? ???????????€?????????????? ???????? ???????????????????? ???????€? ???????? ?????????????? !
IM SCREAMING
1:00 Alright, as soon as there's a Ju 87 "Horn of Jericho" played when a normal German fighter plane is chasing a British one, it's pretty clear that we'll be dealing with Class A Hollywood Bullshit.
Wasn't Dunkirk the greatest Allied evacuation/troop withdrawal in history (during WW2)?
They should have called this one And Eight
Please tell me this movie is gonna be a bad ass war movie and not just a movie I'll spend my money to watch just to be surrounded by teenage girls who are only there to see Harry Styles. I mean, it's a major plus that he's in it but I'd hate this movie to be ruined by the one direction fandom gushing at the sight of Harry Styles.
As Harry Styles being in this movie, it makes the younger generations get to watch this. I think this movie will be a really good one cause I am also into ww2 films.
seems really uninspired and unoriginal
Pity the Union Flag is upside down!
Why is harry styles in this he is clearly out of place man one direction has gone downhill
Put Tom Hardy's face in 1 second of any trailer and you've already got my money.
i miss the smiling extra..
looks good
Remember goys, Nazis were very bad and you should feel great guilt!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
and all you Russian butt smoochers tell me how Russia would have survived without the lend lease supplies from the US? and nice way topiss on all merchant sailors who died in the North Atlantic in the convoys to where ??? oh yeah Russia, If Russia was so great and won the war all on her own, why did she need do much help from the US and why dis so many US sailors risk their lives and die if Russia was so great and didn't need anyone's help to win the war? IT WAS A TEAM EFFORT
Really don't know what to make of this. Big Nolan fan but the story is very set in stone so it has to be STRONGLY character driven. Mark Rylance is a good shout and can now see why they hired young Harry Styles, must be for the empathetic death scene.
Sad portrayal of Dunkirk. Want to see the best? Watch ATONEMENT and prepare to be dazzled. Like McArther said we should keep going East (to RUSSIA) or dropped the bomb on those commies.
I'm willing to watch this film based on real and true event that happened on Dunkirk this trailer made shead tears for these soldiers plus the music made the trailer even more sading to watch soldiers getting shot and bombed while being taunted by the German air Force for who are just going to see this film because of hary styles he was chosen to portray as a young British soldier trying to survive while waiting for help to come and get them out of Dunkirk this is a sad moment in our history and I will be seeing it because history cannot repeat itself but as for the young and older women show some respect for this film even if your a fan of hary styles
harold looking like a whole snack???????€?
I actually can't wait! Christopher Nolan, Tom Hardy, and Harry Styles! Jesus fucking christ I'm not ready!
Weird, I thought Nolan's fanbase would be composed of more intellectuals. Imagine my surprise at reading through the comments and seeing nothing but whiners, jingoist assholes, and irrational morons. Shame.
bf1 the movie and yes I know this movie takes place in ww2 but still
this is what battlefield 1 was supposed to be.
who the fuck is harry this movie has cillian murphy in it you know
people need to stop judging and watch the movie first
FUCK THIS HUGE ASS PEICE OF SHIT HARRY MUST FUCKING DIE FUCK YOU FUCK THIS SHIT
Guys , the thumbnail looks like Battlefeild 1
WHERE TF IS HARRY
Thank you God a film about Dunkirk and it has Tom hardy flying a spitfire thank fuck
It's scarecrow, pause at 1:19
HARRY NO TE AHOGUES
Spitfires in vic formation means good attention to detail. Can't wait to watch it.
As far as I know (and care) Harry Styles is a pseudonym for Ryan Stiles' younger clone. I'm in this because it's a Nolan movie.
always think in Platoon, Fullmetal Jacket and Apocalypse Now as the better war movies of the xx century, this one look like a new one, great.
Jericho trumpets on a 109? Yeah this movie will suck
Battlefield 1
All this world war stuff is so lame..
TOM HARDY. HARRY STYLES. CILLIAN MURPHY. GOD BLESS
who else is only here cuz of Harry???????€???????
Ok dont call me stupid but I thought it was the Scottish Dunkirk. Oops
Keren
Harry Perfection Styles ?????€???????????
You done kirked dude. You done goofed.
I'M SO PROUD OF HARRY ABSWKS DSVD
I understand that the director wants to inject a lot of emotion and shell shock into this film, but I think he's making a mistake by portraying what happened back then with characters who act like men today act. Men back then weren't so fragile. They were tougher.
hold up harry styles wtf are you doing boi
It's Dunkerque ! Not Dunkirk... Why translating a city name ? FUCK !
i am so excited to watch this movie!
Battlefield 1 Trailer ?
All I want to know is the name of the song in the trailer. I know it probably hasn't been released yet and is Hans Zimmer, but it's almost impossible to search since everyone is going crazy about Harry Styles. I don't care about that and will judge his acting when it comes out. I just want to be able to listen to another masterpiece from Hans Zimmer.
Was it just me who watched the trailer and had no idea a 1 Direction singer was even in the movie. I was more excited about Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy. PEAKY FOOKIN' BLINDERS cast reunite!
"You can practically see it from here.
 What?
 An oscar."
noice Another Movie grossly falsifying history
Wait, isn't this the moment where the French played a vital role in covering the escape of the Brits and a crap ton of Frenchmen too?
Well, the tone is set with the music and sound effects, but it looks to "clean" for me to be "convicing". Everyone nicely shaven, nice clean skin (sometimes sweaty)... it all looks so artificial. :(
dunkirk!!! ????????????????????????????????????
Harry styles is in it you know
omg im so excited
watching this for harry only
Everyone's Talking about actors... but i'm here to see how does it happend,
missing, British testicular fortitude. last seen may 1945
Ok...when does batman appear?
Hitler let them leave..............
prawda do dzi???€? jest ukrywana, ewakuowano Angoli Francuz????w a pozostawili niemcom na po????arcie ponad 50000 polskich ????o???€?nierzy, kt????rzy po kapitulacji Polski zaci???€?gneli si????? do alianckich armii by walczy???€? z niemcami. Ha???€?ba
Wow... it`s amasing. I`m going to this film
From 1:28 I am getting Hans Zimmer hype
This is the opposite of movie 'Das Boot' . Showing a British 'Destroyer' against German 'U Boat'.
Who else saw that 7 minuteish clip from the movie at the IMAX? It looks super freakin tense! I hope this film does not hold back and show the true horrors of war.
41. War Brest Minsk, Kiev, Odessa, Sevastopol, Moscow ... The war in Russia, the Soviet Union. And all that is shown in vaschih films it is a trifle. Of course, we must pay tribute to the veterans who fought against Nazi Germany and its accomplices.
OMG i was by the beach in this!
I have recorded the prologue
303
pls don't be crap pls don't be crap
Ugh another one of THESE movies... Some originality maybe? Wouldn't it be cool to get a German soldiers point of view? We ALL KNOW how the allies feel, we already have 10,000 movies galore on that!
people are saying harry styles is this trailer. when?
Fuck Harry Styles man i'm here because it's Christopher Nolan!
rip brits
I can't wait !!!!!! One of the most tragic battle for my country, a battle I studied since i am a little boy. I don't give a sh.... about any Marvel or Star Wars but this movie is the one I'm expecting the most. Please Christopher don't forget the french soldiers who sacrified themself to allow British army to cross back the Channel.
????????????????????????????? ???€?????????????????, ???????? ???????????????€?????????????€????? ???? ???????????? ???????????????????€????????? ???????? ???????? ???????????????? .
They fought so hard to keep their Britain safe from the Nazi boot, but now they so cheaply chuck it all away to a far less deserving foe! God speed the plough!
NO NO NO NO NO
please tell me about more WW2 movies i love WW2 stuff
OM TELOLET OM.
man I can't wait for this! it looks amazing
Unlike most of the commenters I couldn't care less about the acting, sense of reality or any other aspect of this movie. We all know our version of the story and how it ends. Foe me it's simply another propaganda piece that glorifies war. War is and has always been a blight on humans and has rarely, if ever, served the true needs of the "common man". Like a pig it's a turd that doesn't get better looking with all the lipstick that Mabelline can manufacture.
5k ppl wants batman in this movie
Idc about Harry Styles tbh. I am just concerned about his fanbase, I just hope everyone observes silence and not squeal at every scene he is in. Because I had some experience with fangirls of celebrities in a theater before. Hope this will not be the case for Dunkirk screenings.
Do I spot a Harry Styles????????€?????????????
whats that soundtrack?
my city and Cillian Murphy , perfect unexpected combo
best acting ive seen harry do ????????????????????????????????
This comment section is straight up cancer, makes me wanna not watch it. I love ww1/ww2 history fuck you all. kys
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Pole dancing moves on my blog at marvinreviews. com/pole-dancing-moves-review/ Thanks. Lloyd.
????????????????????€? ???????????????????????€?????????, ????????????????????€????? ????????????????????????€? ????????????????.
5k likes are because they're nonblack people
ALL BELGIANS HYPEEEEE
"VIDEOGAME VIDEOGAME
 DUNKYYY
 VIDEOGAME VIDEOGAME
 DUUNKYYY ????????????????????????????????"
Every wartime movie made after Saving Private Ryan, Band of Brothers and The Pacific is basically just a drama cuckfest.
That thumbnail looks so much like Battlefield 1
Looking for Harry
"Is the music here by Hans Zimmer? Coz I just loved the background score at the end!
 and I'm happy at least one 1D member will now get some matured after acting in this movie! god help others!"
I can't stop laughing reading those comments saying about how bad the movie rating is going to be because of Harry, y'all, you don't even know the power of directioners. And he is going to kick your ass down by making this movie on the top of the best movie in 2017 list.
???????????€? ???????? ???????? ????????
i feel so bad for the ''adults'' who think that we ''under aged psycho girls'' are watching this only because of Harry Styles and dont care about the movie nor the other actors. We have decided to watch this not only because of Harry but also because this movie is about our past, about how our today has been formed. We are watching this because this is interesting and we want to! SO SHUT UP AND STOP BITCHING ABOUT WHAT PEOPLE DO IN THEIR LIFE
That was a weak trailer. didnt got me 1 bit and i love warmovies and history
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Legally concealed on my blog at marvinreviews. com/legally-concealed-review/ Thanks. Nathanael.
Yaaaaaaaay!!! Harrry I love you!! Woooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh! He's Such an amazing actor and is vey beautiful!! Ahhhhhhhhh!!
Another master peace Chris Nolan The name is Enough.All Time block Buster on the way...............
all I said during the trailer was "that's him!!!!!"
HAARRYYYYYYYYYYYY
Who chose to put Harry styles in this movie
whe are in france, the french army fight for cover the evacuation aaand i had no see one dammit french helmet. I hope than Nolan dont make a BF 1 syndrome...
no blood.wtf.watered it down for instagram hoes.
First it was space, now they bringing these World War movies back, aren't they...?
after interstellar another Oscar nominated movie made
FML ????????????????
So much better than all these shit movies about the so called wars in Iraq or Afghanistan.
???????????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????. ???????????€????€????????????? ???????€? ???????€????€????????? ????????????? ???€????? ???????????? ???????? ???????€????????? ???€?????????????????. ???????????????? ???????€? ???????????????€????€? ????????????????????????????? ???? ???????????????????? ????????????????????? ???????????? ???????????????????????? ???????????? ???€??????????????????????????????????, ???????????? ???€?????????????????? ???????????????????€? ???????????????????€??????????????????????????????????????. ???????????€? ???? ???????????????? ???????????????????????????????? ???? ???????????????????€????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????? ???????? ???????€?????????????????? ?????????????????????????????. ???????????????? ???????????????????€????????? ???????????????????? ???????? ???????€????????????????? ???€????????????????? ???????? ????????????????-???????????? ???? ???????????????????€? ???????????????????????????????? 30 ????????????????????????????????????, ???? ???????????????????€? ???? ????????????????????????.
This movie looks like it's gonna be a flop......
BREAKING NEWS: Is Cillian Murphy secretly sucking Christopher Nolan's penis? Stay tuned....
French soldiers fought well, in southern France against the Italians the French killed 1200 Italians while the French lost only 37 men. That's a 30 to 1 kill ratio. Just the Nazis fought dishonorably, raping Belgium to get behind the French army.
Salute?????€??€??????? to the 40k French First army Division soldiers that stayed to fight, while the other 300k left.
Watch Harry's character?? die
lol. better than infinite warfare
its still a mistery why tanks stopped 100 km away from dunkirk.
Nolan is the best..
love to France and Germany from India
HARRY!!???????€????????€?
Nolan wouldn't have had him in the movie if he didn't know how to act....right?
???????????????????? ???? ???????????????????????€?????????????€?????
???????€?????????????????????????????? ???????????????????? ???? "???€?????????????????????????€?" ???????????????????????€????????????????€? ,???????????????????€? ???????????????????????????????????????€? ???€????????€??????????????????. ???€????€? ???????????€????????? ????????????????????????????????????€????? ???? ???€????????? ???????????? ???????€? ???????????€????????????€????€????????????????? ???????????????????????????? ???????? ???????????????????? ?????????????????,???????????????€????????????????? ???????????????????????? ???????????????€????????????? ???????????????????????????????????? ???? ?????????????????????????????€????????? ???????€? ???? ?????????????????????,???€????€????????????€? ???????€????????????€????????????????€????? ???????? ???????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????€?. ???????????? ???????€? ????????????????????€? ???????? ???€????????€????????????? ????????????????????€????????????????€????????????? ???? ???????????????????€????????? ???????????????????????????????????? ???? ???????????€?????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????€????? ???????????????????€? ???????? ???????????€?. ???????????? ???????€? ???€????????????????€????? ?????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????? ???? ???????????????? ???????????????????€????????????????? ???????????????? ???????????€????????????????????????? ???????? ???????????????????€????? ???€????????????????????€????????????????? ?????????????????????, ?????????????????????????????????????? ???????????? ????????????????????????€????? ?????????????????????????????. ???? ???????????? ???????€? "????????????????????????????????????????????" ???????€????????€????????????????????? ???????€? ???€????????????????€?????, ???????????????????????? ???€????????????????€????€?. ???????????????????? ???????????????????€????????????????????? ???????????????????? ???? ????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????. ????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????????????? ?? ???????????????????? ???? ???????????€????????????????????????? ????????????????????????€?????????.
WTF?!?!?!?!? Who is Harry Styles?
I just hope that whenever Harry comes on screen the entire cinema doesn't erupt into deafening screams from die hard 1D fan girls.
Harry?
They really were the greatest generation
"im so proud of Harry??????????????????
 i know that he can do it really well"
FINALLY HARRY STYLES
This felt like a refreshment to Atonement ,I really wish McAvoy was featured here ..
Wait....was that Harry Styles?
I hope it'll be rated R
"all the negativity that surrounds harry styles is attracted by one direction fans and not from the guy himself. people are hating on harry styles not because of something he has done but because of the child-like attitude of one direction fans. which is sad honestly. he is an incredible individual.i am not a fan of one direction but a fan of the guy harry styles. for those who are yet to know who he is, don't connect the actions of the crazy one direction fans to him.they are 2 different things. he is far from how they react about him.....

 -great to see this history being told from a british perspective .not the usual american kind. should be engaging."
What is the song?
"""why waste precious tanks when they can pick us off like fish in a barrel""
 wrong.

 also it would be a lot more chilling (and more accurate) trailer if he responded with ""we don't know"""
Is that Frodo?
"Harry styles is the only reason why gonna watch this movie.
 His fine ass??????????????€????????€????????€??€??????€??€???????????????????"
from this it looks like another war epic after saving private ryan but with nolan u never know. he may introduce einstein from nowhere. his movies gotta be intelligent. am sure this wont be a plain war movie.
Who's gg for the midnight screening?
FUCK ME UP
Hope is a weapon' 'Survival is victory' How fittingly Orwellian for our post-truth times.
anyone know the name of the song starting at 1:28
Is it just me whom saw the German me 109 with raf symbol
Low key everyone is talking about Harry when his probably gonna be in it for like 5 minutes tops ah
OM TELOLET OM
i love that harry only popped up once in this trailer not using him to market this movie! Thank you hollywood and warner bros. you actually did a good job for once
why do they all have a smle, the rifle at the time for britian was the no.4
I'm actually excited for a movie, this doesn't happen very often!
Why did I think this was going to be something Lovecraftian?
World War 1
The actor who voiced the bfg is in here sick
fuck yeah ! cant wait to see this , looks epic.
I really wouldn't mind the 1D people if they would just seem genuinely interested in the movie not just Harry Styles. I understand you support him, but holy shit don't completely discredit everyone else and the story of Dunkirk itself.
Harry Styles ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
People say WW2 I say WW1. 9gaggers?
lol it took me a moment to get that its about dunkerque, why did they invent a new name
YAS
Siento que ya detesto las pel????culas de guerra...
What strategist in the right mind would put 400 thousand men on one beach?
Why do half of the people in the comments think that people there for Harry are going to "scream whenever he's on screen"? What the fuck? You think just because their idol is on the screen they can't respect the movie and the other movie-goers? Well, newsflash, they can. Also, why would you be mad that someone is seeing it just for Harry? They're still seeing the movie, just like you. A lot of people are seeing it for Christopher Nolan or Tom Hardy or Cillian Murphy. They aren't going to scream in the theater are they? I think not. So shut the fuck up and get some common sense.
oscar this time best director best movie
this movie looks so good, not just cause Harry's in it lol
We gonna see some polish divisions, french? other smaller nations who were there?
HARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY <3
R.I.P to all the U.S solders
Who the hell is Harry Styles?
"YES!
 I am already gassed to see this!
 I wish they would make a modern day movie about the of Battle Of Britain or the sinking of the Bismark.
 They would be truly epic!"
About time they made a movie from the Iraqi Army's perspective.
Harry's at 0:47 1:38 1:53
1D fandom where u at dho?
1D fandom where u at dho?
Great to see Cillian Murphy getting more roles, great actor!
Why were they lined up like that?
Everyone needs to stop this whole "1D fans are only here for Harry, stupid teenagers are going to ruin the movie" stuff because it's getting annoying. I've watched war movies like this since I was a little kid, and history like this has always been interesting to me. If you are just going to see it because Harry Styles is in it, please just rent it at home or something. And if you're one of the many, many people saying that we're going to "ruin the movie" need to shut up and realize you're kind of ruining the movie too. I know that as soon as I walk into the movie theater everyone's going to judge me because I look like a teenager paying money just to see a boy she thinks is cute in a movie and I don't think that's fair at all.
must see
As a history buff and lover of war movies, I will probably watch this movie multiple times.
Everyone's talking about Harry but I'm here cause I saw Tom Hardy, hell yes.
Can't believe Nolan is finally making an adaptation of the classic anime Escaflowne!
so hyped
is that harry from 1D?
Wow, Harry really glowed up from going to iCarly all the way to a WW2 movie
I THOUGHT DUNKIRK WAS GONNA BE SOME BRITISH TEEN FLICK (I am American, excuse me for being trash) AND HARRY WAS GONNA BE THE HOT LOVE INTEREST??????€? OMFG THIS IS LIKE WAY BETTER THAN I EXPECTED! I AM SO GONNA WATCH THIS.
This looks epic
I can't wait to see this
I wonder what the plot twist is? knowing it's a Christopher Nolan movie.
this movie about to get a lot of money just because of harry
me: watching the trailer waiting for Harry to show up so I can pause the video and freak out lol (sorry for my english)
I'm laughing at all of these people complaining about Harry Styles fans wanting to go see the movie. Stop acting like you're an actual fucking historian and stop trying to belittle these girls for wanting to go see a movie that their favorite celebrity is in. He was chosen as part of the cast for a reason, get the fuck over yourself and stop crying out on the Internet to find other fuckers like yourself that are bitter and look down on Harty Styles and his fans. I can tell one thing for sure, he was accomplished more than most of you talking shit so whatever comes out of your mouth really isn't as important as you'd want it to be.????????????
HARRRRRRRYYYY <3 <3
I was wondering why one of the guys looked like a Harry styles and it turned out to be him lmao. Cool, he finally cut his hair gg
the only reason they were left alive bc Hitler didn't want to kill them .... true story LOL
Oh UK.....
I wanna and need to see it or i'll die
Seems boring
Believe it or not, but we've been given a lot of disinformation about the world wars.
I'll tell you one thing Nolan's team seriously know how to make a good trailer. However i get the feeling this is just hype and the actual film would be just be decent and audiences would just flock in cus its the dude who did the dark knight. Come July i hope to slapped in the face with a pie and this shit takes the academies. Fingers crossed
Is "the event that shaped our world" WWII or Dunkirk? I get WWII, though it's a bit of a stretch after so many years, but Dunkirk? Either way, I'm looking forward to a big-budget war movie that sheds light on some of the darker days of the Allied experience.
amazing
Really important and epic moment in World War 2, and a potential turning point in the war for Britan. Glad it's finally getting a proper film.
I'm Aussie not us
the over drama music from hollywood just feels shitty dumb.a war movie got its own unike sound of fear.that music dont do war scenes fair.warsound is scary and u waste it and i know now the type shitty film its gonna be.dont let rules from la make u look like a yes mam producer
Very good
This is a Summer Movie? Too bad. It's gonna get buried by the usual summer blockbusters.
HARRY STYLES MY BABYYYYYYY
only watching this movie because of my baby HARRY!!!!!
When the french heard about battlefield one "Yes finally a bit of recognition for are nation's sacrifice", when the game was released "oh well fuck it, at least Nolan's Dunkirk movie will surely talk about the french saving the brits..." i think the french who will watch this movie are up for some huge disappointment, you gotta love how the anglo-american hate on the french, they simply erase them from history thus spitting on the graves of the brave frenchmen who fought knowing the inevitable outcome, oh well i'll stick with history books and let others learn history threw biased Hollywood movies et and video games, sorry France i'm sure one day you will get a little recognition, ok probably not, but i'm with you, god bless
???????????????????????€?????
It's been said Nolan is dedicated to accuracy, so why are the German fighters in this the Buchon (a post war Spanish version of the me-109) rather than the regular me-109?
why the fuck glamorise the British in a propagandist style...........if i know history it was Hitler who stopped his panzer divisions from crushing 400,000 allied troops(British and french) in dunkirk...cause after winning Paris he hoped a peace deal with Britain to totally concentrate on the eastern front which was his main objective.......he gave away your soldiers as a gesture for peace.............even God couldn't trust the English in dark
I always love war movies, and Nolan is one of my favorite directors. I didn't even notice that Harry Style was in the trailer, I'm just excited to see Dunkirk on the big screen
Don't worry, WW3 is coming.
Name of the music theme?
Spitfires over Dunkirk..., spanish HA1112 as 109s... seriously?
What is the hype about? The trailer is boring as shit.
0:48 is that harry styles?
yas yas yaaaaas
Harry Styles. Can't wait for all of the 7 year olds in the movie theatre. Thanks Nolan, you've ruined a potential award winner.
here just for harry. Anyone with me? :)
"The two best parts of 'Rogue One':

 1. 'Rogue One'
 2. The 7-minute Dunkirk trailer"
Is Nolan the best director of our era?
Harry styles!
Hah, the comments here are full of win even by Youtube's low standards.
Hirry stules
Huh another war movie...
The Germans let them away it wasn't luck it was mercy. It was to show the force of the German army and how good they were.
Hello, throw a couple of dollars who do not mind Z154697800725 Thanks in advance!
OMG harry styles?????????????€????????€??€??????€????????????????€??€??????????????€????????€????????????????€??€??????????????€????????€??€??????€????????€??€?
"Finally a movie about a great moment in modern history.
 The TRUTH is however....the Germans let them go..."
AAAHHHHHH HARRYYYY 3 2017 COM CERTEZA SER???? O MELHOR ANO!!
Us Brits were involved in the Second World War? Who knew! Maybe Hollywood has changed ;-)
Can't wait for this movie hopefully it's good
I think my Great Grand Uncle was at Dunkirk he was a doctor he saved a few people I believe
I respect Nolan but clearly he isn't even on the level of Ridley Scott/Denis Villeaneave let alone Kubrick. Every filmmaker has a trait. Nolan has a grand style and he is a good storyteller but I feel like because he keeps casting the same people and the exposition can get pondorous it gets him down a notch. No offenses, I love the guy. But I still feel the less exposition the better.....Memento and Batman Begins are his best films
people who've decided not to watch this movie because of Harry Styles are acting like five year olds. he's just another actor who also happens to be a singer, so treat him like an actor. ever heard of J-Lo? she doesn't get this shit and she's an actor/singer but all the people in these comments are little boys getting triggered because a boy-band member's in a movie lmao
Hope they kill that 1d fag off early.
Y'all should be happy because if Harry Styles wasn't in this movie, it will not be as profitable as it's expected to be.
HARRYYY ????????????????????????
Just saw like a 20 minute trailer for this at IMAX last night. And just... wow.
this movie looks boring
Fuck your Christopher Nolan in the face ass dark night shut the fuck up ugly ass nigga, nazis are goat
"This movie is so non historic . its just another propaganda movie against germany .. the truth is after germany won the battles of north france and belgium they pushed the remaining forces of the allied to the beach yes . and than germany gave them 4 days to evacuate their people they never dropped a single fucking bomb on this beach to show england that they don't want a war between Europeans and because they offered england after the evacuation another peace offering . The Allied troops had to leave their remaining tanks and artillery behind to show that they accepted the offering , this way the germans made sure that it will be just only a peacefully evacuation . The germans could have slaughtered this troops at any time if they wanted it but never did it because they wanted peace with england not war.
  Historicly counted is that germany begged 49 times for peace with england"
here because of Harry!! who else?
harry???????????????????????????????????
good trailer Movies
If it wasn't for us Americans, you Europeans and Russians would be speaking German by now! Dunkirk is a joke compared to Pearl Harbor and D-day! Battles the Americans fought AND WON! We also lent the russians shit-tons of war machines including brand new fighter aircrafts, trucks, artillery etc...... because of which they were able to focus on t-34 tanks and other war machines of their own. EUROPE WILL FOREVER BE AMERICA'S BITCH!
Hey Dunkirk say spaghetti and meatballs
https://oneplusstore.in/december?_act_referrer=16300328
I know hollywood and Muricans they will find a way to put an american in this.
Wundersch????n gemacht!
nice ?????€???
am I the only one here to see Harry styles because when I saw him sitting down I was like i am seeing this movie
This trailer catches the mood of these days libertarianism in the US of A.
hard to trump tdk but we shall see!
Fuck what other people say! i will watch this because it's directed by Christopher Nolan; because Harry Styles of 1D is there, because it's going to be a hell of awesome movie!!!
The trailer didn't interest me a lot, but the fact its' a Nolan movie, it's gonna be good.
that looks fucking stupid
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Archivo secreto on my blog at phillipreviews. com/archivo-secreto-review/ Thanks. Anton.
I'm a fans of war movies after i watching the best war film like saving private ryan,pearl harbor & Taegukgi (korean movie) and then , i have long awaited movie like this
OH MY GOD!! HARRY!!!! I'M DEAD!!! OH SHIT!!!!
stupid English bastards
Chistopher Nolan? Without a doubt im watching this ASAP
harry is me drowning from my responsibility
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Adonis golden ratio on my blog at phillipreviews. com/adonis-golden-ratio-review/ Thanks. Rodolfo.
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Adonis golden ratio on my blog at phillipreviews. com/adonis-golden-ratio-review/ Thanks. Rodolfo.
christopher nolan + harry styles.. what else do u need for a good movie?
anyone here because of harry styles??
poor trailer doesn't make me want to go see it
What is this movie actually about? I haven't learnt about this event before
the guy in one direction is in this
those spitfires, the dream
I just really hate people judging harry and the 1d fans. Like for example some of you just say that we will watch the movie cause of him but don't you know that some also is interested in watching WW movies and harry being there is just a bonus. And also telling that the fans are all little girls but you guys are the one who needs to grow up that the fans also age and people of different ages listen to him and if you guys are b????tching because we will "scream" every time he appears but news flash not all fans scream their lungs out when they see him some just hyperventilate or do some stuff and we can also control our screaming. And for those who said they won't watch the movie anymore because of Harry and his fans well its not our lost but yours.. Anyways have a good day
4 words...... where.is.my.baby
My great uncle was at Dunkirk. He shared a boat back to England (and his cigarettes) with French and Belgian troops. Just because a film trailer doesn't show French troops doesn't mean that they weren't there fighting ON THE SAME SIDE as the British and were appreciated for doing so.
I have no idea who the actor everyone is fighting about is but this looks amazing.
Looks like an over dramatised wankfest. No thanks.
So thomas shelby did actually went to war! LOL
My cousin is leaving for the marines in 2 weeks, this trailer really hit me in the feels...God bless our troops.
I hope there's a lot of gay sex in this.
Them Enfields. Wish I had more of em. Seven isnt near enough.
okay this a sin cuz it's war so yeah they are dying left and right instead it should be peace I know we do sin mistakes but we need to preach the gospel to the world with the holy Bible with our talents let's will it up so are bros and sis can do the same
I Saw the 7 minute prologue in IMAX last Saturday, this movie looks like it could be one of Nolans best, I do hope it gets an "R" rating so the authenticity of the war scenes are how they should be. But Nolan is one hell of a Director so I'll end up enjoying no matter what.
"I like the look of this movie and I'm a big fan of Hanz Zimmer but this is the worst song he's made, way to much computer editing involved,
 in my opinion."
Aye they got atom hardy as a pilot , I was wondering what project he was gonna work on next
SPOILER ALERT people die in this film.
i didn't like it at first but after many times this trailer was grown on me
That ship captain sounded a lot like BFG
Hmmmm I swear each movie they show less and less of Batman in the trailer.
he was shooting at the plane, i thought that only happened in battlefield games
wow . this looks cool . finally il get to see wat it may have looked like to be in their sorry positions dueing that time
doesn't interest me already seen it all when it comes to ww2 Movies
Let's save Private Ryan again!
I actually want to see this, i like that recently there are more WW2 movies,
"OMFG A DUNKIRK MOVIE



 YESSSSSSSSSSS"
As sophomore academic decathlon student, i'm very excited to watch this as i've been studying nonstop for competition. Seeing Harry Styles do something different also makes me excited I mean come on who isn't even a little bit curious of what Harry is like on the big screen? just sayin bc there's so much arguing about him in the comments
https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0774256fdaf7b184ce11e15d69c0e930387ddc328561b98c86b57c1e23cfde1a.jpg
Tom Hardy? Chris Nolan? A true WW2 story? Holy crap give me it all!
wow
this give me flash back of saving private ryan's opening scene
great i wonder what the mind blowing plot twist will be...
Doesn't look that bad
75 % percent of all the views in the theater are gonna be 1d fangirls
The most intense trailer i've ever seen
Brave way to victory! To run away and wait until Russia does the main job.
Oh look another sub par movie that will be forgotten as soon as you leave the movie theater
"Harry styles as a British soldier?!
 Now I've seen it all"
I saw Christopher Nolan's name and I peed myself.
HARRY FUCKING STYLES MY LOVE MAKE ME YOURS DADDY
The soundtrack sounds absolutely amazing. Can't wait for this potential master-piece.
As soon as "Christopher Nolan" popped up, I was sold.
So is this before or after Tommy was with the peaky blinders
wow! harry is a great actor! can't wait to see it in the big screen! all the love harry!
harry gatinho
Why are we even still making these? We have lost all the values that these men fought for: the racist nazis they opposed are now in charge, our democracy has been stolen, our politicians have betrayed us to the Russians in exchange for power. The legacy that the so-called Greatest Generation left to us has been utterly and completely squandered by those who came after them. And here we are, still making movies about the saving of a world we have all but destroyed ourselves.
Whites are the greatest warriors. Shame we killed so many of each other
YAY! THEY FINALLY MADE A BATTLEFEILD 1 MOVIE
wouldn't know this movie exists if it isn't because of harry styles tbh
I'll be honest this looks pretty rubbish.
Harreeeeeeeeeh!!! ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Harry Styles, anyone? :D
people seemly are forgetting Nolan rules. the beginning middle and the twist. do to the preview trailer this is the beginning with the middle (history) now we wait for the twist
A war movie with nolans vision? Sign me up
anyone else here for Harry styles? Lmao
IM WORLD WAR TWO GASMING FUCK
Good thing America came in to save your asses.
yeet
Why the fuck do people care if a certain person is in a movie? Like just enjoy the damn movie
I'm getting Battlefield 1 vibes from this... I like it...
if you listen closely, you can hear a little bit of the soundtrack from Inception.
Why the fuck does a guy commit suicide by just walking into the ocean? That made me laugh in the fully packed movie theatre.
I swear if I go to watch this movie in the movie place and I hear a girl or boy scream because they see harry then I am gonna walk out and get a refund
I for real thought it was a game
too clean, everyone is wearing new uniforms, doesn't anyone do good costume breakdown anymore?????
Shit, this trailer's soundtrack though
What is the background music for this trailer?
"Well, from this (admittedly very short) glimpse of the movie, it seems it will not be nearly as interesting as the wikipedia article about the battle.

 I hope I am wrong, but I won't hold my breath. The movie seems pretty generic and I am worried about its accuracy since it depict actual events and, as a blockbuster, appears intent to cater to the lowest common denominator.

 I guess, it could still work if it focuses mainly on fictional people, like ""Private Ryan"", and stay somewat ""small-sized"" but please don't do blockbusters focused on real-life events, less you spread oversimplistic ideas and interpretations no better than flat lies (like religions).

 You cannot cover such a subject subtly enough in 2 hours of screentime."
I hope Nolan realizes that due to his choice of actors people are going to come up with convincing theories that this is actually an Inception sequel and all the action actually takes place in a dream.
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of The final warning on my blog at phillipreviews. com/the-final-warning-review/ Thanks. Claudio.
Only here for Harry Styles
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of The final warning on my blog at phillipreviews. com/the-final-warning-review/ Thanks. Judson.
"Looks shit. From the looks of this trailer it's all just set around them sat on the beach with a bunch of different shots of them getting shot, and then even worse it has Harry Styles in it. On top of that, some of the acting looks fucking dreadful. 3 young lads watching someone walk into the water to die? Look like they're sat around at lunch time at school bored or something. People trying to jump off the boats when they're being shot at? Don't worry, just take your time it's only bullets and bombs.

 Wish they could have done it some justice, actually put some effort into making a great movie in respect to all those that fought rather than just trying to cash in on it and sticking some well known people in there to milk some money rather than going by their acting skill."
song?
num morre nao que eu to indo ai, num sei nadar mais eu te salvo Harry
Soundtrack sounds terrible. Get an actual composer and ditch the hack.
harold meu amor te achei
Just another shitty Hans Zimmer score.
Who else was here for the Harry Styles part?
Hope this doesn't suck as much as interstellar
a serious mistake on Hitlers part to have no turned his armor loose on he b.e.f. he could have taken 400,000 British troops out of the fight early in the war
Battlefield 1: The movie
OMG! wow. This movie is exiting. But, I hope this movie will have also here in the Philippines.. :( :)
Oh look another jewish propaganda film
somehow this remind me of battlefield 1
I hope Hans Zimmer does the score for the movie <3
I have to do a 4 page paper and project on this and this movie has to come out next year. Why!!
Starring Kenneth Branagh as himself.
When I saw that Harry Styles has been cast in the movie, my interest in seeing the film dropped to nearly zero.
Bruh, Is that Harry Styles?
kinda wish I wasn't a 1D fan in the first place so I could go see this movie without being criticized for being a teenager who thinks a boy is "cute" because honestly this looks like a really great movie
Every 1D fan when they saw harry : ITS HIM ITS HARRY ???????????????????????? FUCKKKKKK IM SO PROUD OF HIM ????????????????????????????????????????HES SO BEAUTIFUL IF HE DIES I SWEAR TO GOD IMA KILL ALL OF THE WRITERS
I wish C. Nolan and J. Cameron would collaborate on a story together
Watching this feels like playing battlefield 1
Fing tired of WW 2 movies. Fing tired
I mean I'm a junior in college and I watched this to see harry. ???????€?????????????????????
Is groot in this one or the other one?
OK, soooo, the British are wearing WW1 uniforms, and are using smle mk3 rifles, but the German planes are from ww2, wtf is going on here?
You're stupid if you see Dunkirk just for Harry Styles.
If you must pick one: Christopher Nolan or Denis Villeneuve?
Omg like ligit last Thursday in band we played a song called Dunkirk march and we had to learn about the event
i only watched the trailer because of Harry styles and now i saw the trailer i'm like " OMG THEY ARE ALL SO GOOD !! I NEED TO SEE THIS MOVIE"
I hope the film is much better than what this trailer portrayed of it.
congrats Harry, being a apart of a film that looks alright, hopefully it turns out a bit better then expected
Why are there women like Harry Styles - in a war move about army of men?
Thomas Shelby ?????€???
I'm excited for this cos of three things.... history...cillian Murphy and Christopher Nolan
Wowowwowowwow it seems to be a good movie
Accualy thout this was a Battlefield 1 Trailer or somthing ???????€?
"3 things to say
 1) The French will be there and they will be portrayed correctly (I hope)
 2) Quit hating on harry styles, who the fuck cares if he's a 1 direction dude, a war movie about a true incident and casting either a bloody singer or even a drunken bastard, it doesn't matter! As long as the dude can act well!
 3) 1 DIRECTION FANS! WE DON'T GIVE A FUCK WHAT'S UR AGE EITHER UR 13 OR 17 OR FUCKING 60! THIS AIN'T A FUCKING MOVIE ABOUT HARRY STYLES AND HIS FUCKING CAREER, IT'S A FUCKING WAR MOVIE! IF UR GONNA WATCH IT FOR HARRY FUCKING STYLES THEN IT'S FUCKING USELESS!!! DON'T GO! UR NOT FUCKING WORTH IT!! Srsly though, it's going to be a real shame if u pple go and watch it for a singer cause he looks attractive to u and most of u won't be able to figure out what's going on in the movie anyway since its a war movie plus it stains the vets who actually fought in this battle, British, French, Belgian or German"
It's seems like is gonna be a great movie, but I really did miss at least some flashs of the french and the belgium army...
battlefield1942 remasterd looks so real
My grandfather died earlier this month at age 103, he was there. I will be seeing this movie.
Who thinks this will surpass saving private ryan
Seeing Harry drown is not okay I am very sad
"Miracles dont happen.

 Hitler was hoping to make peace with Britain, so in spite of his generals advices, he rather went toward Paris etc, than toward Dunkirk and voluntarily let the English escape..."
Wait! Is Tom Hardy a Nazi pilot!!?? ????????????????
Meh, been there done that.
cool
the movie has a lot of british propaganda but i will watch it anyway
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Rv education 101 on my blog at phillipreviews. com/rv-education-101-review/ Thanks. Boyd.
Virtue acquisition stop online OK thanks reveal.
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Rv education 101 on my blog at phillipreviews. com/rv-education-101-review/ Thanks. Boyd.
whats wrong with the BF109?
my jaw dropped when I saw Tom Hardy at 1:48
Harryyyyy love you baeee I wanna see your fiiilllmmm I have been waitin' for the trailer a long time ago and noooww I'll be waitin' for the summer!
The Germans couldn't defeat the British. They were never able to invade Britain (in recent history). I guess they invaded before successfully, but people don't remember that. Lol.
Another shitty move from shitty Hollywood
Visually this looks stunning. But why can't Nolan write a script without characters narrating the plot. Even in this trailer it's apparent. I believe Nolan to be a great director, but a flawed screen writer. I'd love to see him direct someone else's script one day. Still hyped though.
I really want to go see this movie, but you gotta admit, this trailer was pretty shit
Ajakda oltomri akte findee lskaa aalelf
"Welp, I'm french (and that city is called Dunkerque not Dunkirk thank you very much) and I've never eared about that story too and I find it unbelievable.

 I want to learn that forgotten piece of history now.

 But after a quick research I've found out the french army played a pretty big part in that story, I hope they didn't forgot them too."
0:41 and 1:48: the reasons I'm watching this and probably loving it cause Mr. Nolan can do no wrong.
Where's harry styles ????
A movie by nature is a piece of entertainment not a lecture on the historical event. Nolan will provide a narrative that he hopes will attract audiences and critical approval. As I have always told my students, Hollywood and history aren't friends. As Alexander Dumas once said, "Why let history and facts get in the way of telling a good story."
This trailer gave me chills! Eagerly waiting for the movie to come!
BF1
Battlefield 1 <3
???????????????????? ???????????????????? ???????? ???????????????????????€?!!!
"Question: Why don't we see any french soldier on this trailer?

 Answer: Cause they were fighting against Germans while the Brits were retreating."
0:48, Directioners, hold on, and yell!
excellent.
HARRY STYLES!!!!!
This looks brilliant and all, but seriously, I'd love see a movie about WW1 made like this.
And btw he is in this movie coz hez talented !! Respect this fact
Look guyz harry is a really nice guy so plz donot say bad things abt him.
intelligent whites vs. dumb blacks hahaha
"Everything abt this movie seems great. Harry too.love u harry styles
 U r a piece of art.. ???????"
wehrmacht>Allies
My grandpa was a soldier at dunkirk and hi remembere the days as clear as the sky of German fighters
me for the whole trailer: theres harry theres harry oh look harry
this looks like Nolan comes back to his Memento/Insomnia/The Prestige days... HELL FUCKING YEAH!!!
plottwist batman comes and kills the nazis
wheres bane at lol
Is that Harry Styles on 0:47 ? :D
Hope the one direction guys die a gruesome and horrible death in this film... It would be great to see all the shitty fangirls crying in the theater on opening night.
It doesn't have the feel of a usual Nolan movie trailer. But I still keep my fingers crossed because after all it's Christopher Nolan
I must say the English stood tall in ww2. In America republicans called FDR a Jew lover. Now that Trump is here the right will destroy themselves. All non Americans should be happy. Hell Americans should. This is almost over. About the baby boomers or as i call them the me generation is gone then we will get stuff done.
haryyyyyyyyyyyyy????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????cant wait anymore 4 the movie urghhhhh
Looks good but John Mills and Richard Attenborough are very hard actors to emulate
Am I the only one who finds this trailer rather disappointing?
"friends..
 subscribed my channel also comment pass
 i will back subscribe your. . :-) ;-)"
Song?
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of How to draw a car on my blog at phillipreviews. com/how-to-draw-a-car-review/ Thanks. Earle.
wasnt the real enemy the generals who failed .... oh no of course its ze bad nazi germans again , propaganda trash
the Germans were not bad in ww2, the nazis were
HITLER LET THE BRITONS FLEE AS A GESTURE FOR PEACE.....HE WANTED TO SAVE THE BRITISH EMPIRE AND WHITE CIVILIZATION. LOOK AT LONDON NOW...ONLY 20% WHITE BRITISH ....PAKI AFGHAN NIGGER MUSLIM GANGS DOMINATING STREETS IN BRITISH CITIES AND GANG RAPING DRUGGING WHITE CHILDREN
Harry ?????????????????????????????????????€?????????€?????????€?????????€???????????€????????€????????€????????€??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€??€??????€??€??????€????????€????????€????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€???????????
wow my great grandfather was on that beach
I hello meme Angie yes
https://gamekit.com/?reflink=804e-109310516
i hope it will be great like others
"Wars are not won by evacuations" - Winston Churchill
HARRY????????????????
i'm so proud of my baby harry
people gotta chill with anti-american, anti-british, and anti-any country bullshit. everybody just get along
What is a music on end of the Trailer
Only movie I am excited for!
I am here for Harry Styles
???????????????????????????????????????€? ???????€? ???????? ???€????????????????????€????€?
Harry is going to be the next Leonardo di caprio????????
Can't wait to cry on that one.
BT1 !
Tom Hardy!
French are not even featured even though they fought to let the brits flee...but yeah we french are the coward. LOL
birthday boy you suck
OMG Soundstracks is crazy,nice very nice.
is Harry style someone i should know?
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Truth about protein on my blog at keithreviews. com/truth-about-protein-review/ Thanks. Randolph.
???????????????????????????????€?????????????????????... ???????€????????????????€?????????????€? ???????????????? 3?? ???????????????????????€????€? ???????????????????????????€?????????????????€????€??? ????????????????????????????? ???? ???????€????€????€? ???????? ???????€????€??????????????????????? ???? ???????€????? ???€?????????????????????????????? 400000???€? ????????????????€????????????????????????€? ???????????????????????€? ???????? ???????????????€????????????????????€????? ???? 1940???? ? ???????€? ???????????????????€?????????? ???????????????????????? ???????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????
Fuck Britian i wish Hitler took over London
So much Anti American, anti British, pro nazi, anti One direction, pro one direction, holy shit this comment section needs to be bombed.
And to think my great grandfather might be in this.
omg harry styles in the movie
There can't be 400,000 men on that beach. 40,000 or 50,000 MAX.Talk about an exaggerating the truth.
"Roses are red
 Your ass is from heaven
 But still it's being kicked by
 TheLegend27"
sure only english speaking people died in the fucking war, german soldiers were evil, they don't deserve anything from us, they all were collectively bad people fighting for the fuhrer and not because of the order, that's why we'll never witness a movie with germans as the good guys
Everyone starts somewhere! I don't want to waste anyone's time, so i promise you won't be if you check out my latest EP COLORBLIND, it's a playlist in my channel right now!
Dunkirk? could someone please give me a history lesson, please?
?? ???????????????????? ?????????????????????????!
Battlefield One looks great.
1:28-... song pls?
If I get 1000 subscribers I'll quit my job and start pumping out enjoyable content
So this is his saving private Ryan ? Concept is good. The equipment looks authentic for the time with out pausing to check at first view... Any one has some decent history knowledge should check this out...
When is summer 2017? Is it around june? I'm from NZ so our seasons are at different times in the year.
harry styles
Battlefield 1 movie yay
What, the British were involved in WWll? This will come as a surprise to the American people! Lol I guess we are lucky Brad Pitt or Tom Hanks are not in the lead. Might even need subtitles for US distribution. Don't get mad people, I is just a joking!
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Doc testosterone on my blog at carlreviews. com/doc-testosterone-review/ Thanks. Darrin.
This movie has one of my favourite things (Tom Hardy) LITERALLY inside another one of my favourite things (A Spitfire).
Christopher Nolan Movies are OUTSTANDING but same casting sucks !
HELL FUCKIN YEAHHG
The west will never let go of the past, at the same time they haven't learnt anything from it so the fuel of hate will rage on and on and on. Thanks Europe and America ?????€???
One subscribe to us = heaps of sexy lady in future. Subscribe now or in 25 seconds!!!!!
Reminds me of my dad. lol
historical accuraccy: 0. Pearl Harbor all over again. Not worth my time and money
i just wanted to watch this because harry hahah
Anyone see the prologue ?? How was it ??
Huh....... where are the French??
I was there when they filmed it in weymouth
Subscribe to me and Help me reach 100,000 Subs Before Christmas.
Trailers are shit on for revealing too much and now people are mad because it doesn't give away enough.
My Grandpa, just like many others, was at Dunkirk. I really want to see this. Looks great.
I abhor 1D.
Harry ??????????????
This means so much to me and my family we were a part of it my grandfather was shot in the back and served
Did not see a single drop of blood. Why mane a war movie without actual war in it?
I'm here because of Harry Styles
"nice video
 100% Free Joining !!! ??????Earn 500 - 1000 Rs Daily??????Install"" Champ Cash App ""from GooglePlay Store.Register Using Ref Id:6874668 then install 6 to 8 Apps from Champcash app.For More Detial:+919440955240"
Nolan is so good with story and plot but, this trailer is just nice visuals, which are really good but story 100% of the time need to be the focus and I think the focus might have been on the visuals with this movie because of the setting they tried to show in the movie if that makes sense. Idk it might be good
subcribe me ??????
0:15 - 0:40 remind me about "Saving Private Ryan"
What so the french dont exsist anymore?
these comments are cancer. movie looks good tho
Looking at this trailer, I just can't wait to watch it!! ?????€??€?
whenever i want factual information i can trust, i go to hollywood
I'm just keen to learn more about the war and watch Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy's wonderful performance in a Nolan film, to which, he is my favourite director.
Typical libtard propaganda. These veterans should've voted Trump.
"Gadzooks!





 Nolan's black aglain"
Holy Jesus
so battlefield 1 is real now
"I am sick and tired of people complaining about American made movies/games leaving out everyone (Dunkirk=French, BF1=French and British I guess).?? ( I never played BF1). If the French want a movie about the French at Dunkirk, then go and?? produce the movie about the French at Dunkirk yourself in France. How many French movies are about Americans? And how many French people would watch it?

 On the same note..

 The French did fight a valiant delaying action to allow the British?? to escape with as many lives as they could. But, it would have been jacked up for the French to not to fight the delaying action since the British were there?? to liberate?? the French people and the nation.

 Preserving those men allowed a faster liberation then if they were all POW's or dead.

 The British Army who fought at Dunkirk, and the civilians who piloted vessels to assist in the rescue of the French and British?? also did so valiantly.

 I give respect were it is deserved."
can't wait for this
This movie looks really good! I can't wait to see it. And people, this isn't the first time a singer has been cast in a serious war movie. In 1954 Frank Sinatra won an Oscar and a Golden Globe for best supporting actor in "From Here to Eternity." Harry got this role for a reason and on top of that it was expanded because of his skills; I trust Christopher Nolan's choice. And the focus shouldn't be on Harry anyway, this was a real event that happened to real people not that long ago (if you think about it). So whether you're a 1D fan or not, stop making him the focus of this movie. If he does a good job, which I'm sure he will, then we can later praise him for his work, or if he doesn't then we'll criticize. But for now, we have to wait until we actually see the movie.
Been hyped for this movie since early news, but this trailer doesn't excite me as much. I'm into war films and all, but this just seems like it lacks a fulfilling and creative plot. I prefer the Nolan films with plot twists and creative shifts, but we already know how this movie will most likely end.
Much have been said about the French "running from the German with their tails in their legs" according to an American French hating Zionist. Well not much have been said about the 400,000 english soldiers who never fired a shot and yet ran with their tails between their legs to the city of Dunkirk awaiting for evacuation which was made only possible with the French 2nd Army sacrificing itself to save these bastards who stomped on each other in such dishonored fashion onto their ship for salvation back to England. Yeah the great English fighting spirit was at full display on the shores of Dunkirk on that day! Don't tell me that these bastards from hollyshitwood are rewriting history...again and again...Remember the enigma debacle? Which was rightfully much criticized by the Brits themselves. Let's see if in this case they have their tails and balls intact to criticize a new attempt at rewriting history again by those bastards from shitlywood! Yeah and let's not forget Black Hawk Down which was a poke in the eyes of the Pakistanis who saved the GI's asses in Mogadishu and yet never get recognition for it. Of course the fat and overweight and shity uneducated hamburgers eaters of America will not understand what I am talking about.
1:38 what happened?
It didn't matter at all that Hitler was the leader of Germany, what mattered is that Germany had a leader who did away with the treaty of Versailles; Germany was no longer going to be plundered out, the international hyena bankers who also ruled England, France, America, etc, were no longer going to be getting their money from Germany anymore, hundreds of billions of Marks gone.
Scroll below for triggered world war 2 historians. LOL
I didn't even realize it was Styles
How did England and France obtain their giant empires, only by the pen and democracy, never through violence? They owned half of the world combined at that time, and they put sanctions on Fascist Italy for defending its somali land border against Ethiopian aggression, then declared war on Germany because Germany dared to free itself from the international hyena bankers who were plundering it out and dared to defend the Germans living in what was formerly Germany from Jewish and Polish murderers who were incited by England and France. We learned history from the biggest war mongers, liars, murderers and hypocrites in history.
Why everyone hating on Harry Styles, if Christopher chose him to be an actor, he is probably good.
Harry...
(when you think this is a funny trailer) YAY, it just came out! There's a few people I know. well... Ima start it. plays ohh... It war..... uhmm. I'll just watch it, like why not.. *sees Harry drowning in water. NOOOOOOOOOOOOO.....!
Lol I though the man in the Thumbnail was Chirrut Imwe from Star Wars Rouge One.
Another Anti-German propaganda movie? You find all sorts of soldiers in all armies. Only in Hollywood movies are all "enemies" evil and their own soldiers heroes!
This world war 1
The Jewganda is strong in this one.
Dunkirk... The original Brexit.
Not all of the soldiers were British. There were Australians and New Zealanders under British command as well as other allied forces
https://wn.nr/Ek8Jjs
KDJDJKDMXMDK IM SO FUCKING READY
Soooo... where are the French?
"while I am stoked for yet to be another amazing film from chistopher nolan

 but I can already tell this movie is going to be called ""raciest"" and ""sexiest"" by SJWs and femanists for ""white washing"" and ""not including female soldiers""

 hey morons last time I checked back then western county's were still prodominantly white and didn't buy this retarded multicultural bullshit

 and women didn't fight in the military

 ofcourse everyone is going to be white"
Who the fuck is Harry Styles
Why are they using the Stuka sirens for BF-109 flybys, not how they sounded.
i'm just hear for Harry.
Looks fantastic. Definitely a movie worth going to opening night.
"Why would they cast harry styles into a war movie?
 He's just too feminine.
 Doesn't fit at all."
I will not watch this fucking british propaganda, there's absolutly not way a Dunkirk movie is not featuring the french army in the principal role, the french literally fought until last moment not even to protect France but to cover the british retreat, 50 000 french soldiers didn't make it, they sacrificed themselves to protect the british troops leaving and by extension to protect the invasion of Great Britain. Seriously we're already used to your tasteless jokes spitting on the graves of our grandfathers, but this is just beyond me
slow tell violent consider shame rifle tie.
HARRY STYLES
"Soy la ????nica que se r????e cuando veo a Harry? ???????€????????€????????€?
 Ya no aguanto necesito ver la pel????cula. ??????????????????????"
A ww2 movie by Christopher Nolan? YES!
Why don't they make a movie from the Nazi's point of view, instead of always being against them.
The theme to this trailer gave me goosebumps. I hope the movie can deliver in the same way.
Excuse me you aren't allowed to complain about people watching a movie just because of a cast member. I know you didn't watch Magic Mike XXL for the fucking plot.
great trailer i love it
I'm so confused
Trailer looks simply awesome. However, I couldn't see a single French or Belgian soldier stranded in the beach, and there were thousands trying to get evacuated along with the BEF guys. Just saying...
I saw a teaser for this in theatres while watching suicide squad and didn't hear about it for a while. I'm happy it's legit
i honestly hope harry dies in the first 5 minutes so i can watch the rest of the movie without 14 year olds screaming everytime his face appears on screen
Where is the diversity? Where are the women? How can you have a movie without colored people in this day and age? Black people won Dunkirk for us.
my babe
oh my god
On July 21, your hope is your weapon your survival is your victory
"Like = find 1000 dollars
 Sub = find 1000000
 Comment = watch this movie for free"
Harold OMFG txlgltoeurffviigr5wefsuvlhidsgdyzy ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€??€?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Even tho I'm a huge fan of 1D, I'm also a huge fan of war movies and I was kinda worried Harry's acting might not be good but if what little was shown in this trailer is anything to go by, I think he'll be good.
Battlefield 1 in a movie ??????????????????????????????????
why are people commenting shit about Directioners & how they only want to see Harry? is it wrong to be proud of our idol?
This movie already won best picture in the 2017 oscars
Britain wasn't the only country involved in Dunkirk....the French were, Canada, etc.
Directioners be like " omg i will watch this movie because harry styles!!"
Harry styles 0:48
So everybody's just gonna ignore the fact that harry styles is in this movie????????€????????€?
Tommy lives to a right old age!???????€?
What is the second song used?
Saw Rouge 1 today 12/18/16 with my 10 year old son. Epic, just Epic. Imax 3D incredible. Whole theater was silent and absorbed into the story, even the smaller children.
Hey Gamerz, Which Call of Duty version did this remind you of, while watching the war scenes?
Put Nolan's name on a boring movie to make views...
Nolan you beautiful fuck
1940 was a shitty year for the Brits.
WAR...Huh...what is it good for? Absolutely nothing
oh cool a movie about the villians in ww2 again
0:31 Its Gordan Ramsy
So Dunkirk happened because old uncle Adolf had a soft hart :) because of his humanism/racism, he wanted to spare fellow Nordics, those fine English race chaps...anyone give him credit for that? :)
I haven't been this excited about a film since, well Interstellar actually and probably Prometheus before that. It's a hugely ambitious project, and an event that hasn't been widely explored in recent times. I'm confident they'll do it justice, the sound of that merlin engine sends tingles up the spine. In Nolan we trust.
Why not make a movie about the German side of WW1?
the fact that's harry's grandfather or something was ACTUALLY in dunkirk oml
I can't wait for it
CILLIAN MURPHY
entendi nada
waiting for starwars fanboys (I enjoy starwars myself) to chime in and say the Jericho siren sounds like tie fighters. but actually the dogfighting in starwars were inspired by ww2 to begin with.
i am so not gonna watch this
i just cant wait to se this movie and harry styles my baeeee is in the movie aaahhhhhh.
harry styles 0:47
harrrrryyyyy
The entire trailer i was like wheres harry
Dfuq is Harry Styles?! Fuck I need to read more about history.
Who else just came for harry styles ?????€?????????€???
???????????????????????????????????????? harry
Depressing: the Movie
is this new Battlefield 1 DLC?
5000 dislikes, they must have not seen the dark knight or inception, sad
Looks great, definitely will see it upon release
Dunkirk...or how the brits ran away leaving the "cheese eating surrender monkeys" protecting their ass and die with courage and bravery.
nice
If you don't like this comment a killer clown will appear at the end of your bed tonight and kill you
This movie bout to be lit! I originally wanted to see it for Hazza but I really wanna see it now because it looks awesome asf!!! Screw Harry #InItForKnowledge
THIS LOOKS INTENSE OMG IM EXCITED
PArt of this movie was recorded in my town Urk, Netherlands xD
I want to see this
WHO IS HERE BECAUSE HARRY?????????
this looks so good omg I can't wait!!
Peaky Blinders
The internet is just filled with angry people... good gosh people..
looks shit
dat luftwaffe power, violent af
Please tell me I'm not the only one here cause I actually like history. And actually knows what happened at Dunkirk.
Music by Hans Zimmer, I guess?
"You can fly that Spitfire at 1:55 and give those 109s a lesson they won't forget. ?????€???

 DCS: Spitfire LF Mk. IX Launch Trailer

 YouTube search: xFS6DmZuOHw

 Fully interactive cockpit. Real Spitfire pilots involved. 6-degrees of freedom / VR support."
ayy peaky blinders fool
As a history nut, Dunkirk the event has always screamed for a proper epic movie. Nolan can deliver it.
"The French and English army were both at Dunkirk, but only the English were able to escape and betrayed the French army to the Germans .... who are the cowards? Who are those who waving the white flag now?
 Btw, there's no French Army in this trailer, I hope that Nolan didn't forget them... or I will smash him with a history book"
lol we just learnt about this in history class
Great trailer but bf109's don't have trumpets of Jericho the Ju-87 Stuka did
propaganda
That was intense. Looking forward!
tbh I really wasnt expecting it to havc this many fucking views in just a few days. its just a war movie. But Chris Nolans name sure does sell people
this is the evacuation of the british, french, dutch, belgian and polish forces from france in may-june 1940. their goal is to evacuate dunkirk while the germans try to stop them. no reason to rant that harry styles is in this or theres no french in this.
"Dunkirk did nothing to change the outcome of WW2. At all, it was used as a propaganda tool, a moral booster. But that was it's only claim to fame.
 The Royal Navy kept Germany out of UK, nothing else, not the RAF and certainly not a tiny rabble of weaponless soldiers."
"theyre using harry styles for views


 but it worked"
Look's unconvincing and budget.
Banana
Mdr il y a pas de fran????ais xD
Est-ce que Zouloux est dans le trailer ???????? ?
fuck your hope nigger lovers, you were lucky as a dumb nigger
this looks bloody amazing. finally an (at least semi) accurate film about the british military that doesnt show them to be incompitant evil doer's, and will actually respect historical events- Dunkirk was one of the miracles of the war and doenst get anywhere near as much attention as it should.
lol looks like someone knew battlefield would take a big shit just like last time
s2g if u bustards kill my baby in this dumb movie i will sue.
HARRRRRRYYYYYY!!!!!!
in hindi
ZOULOUUUUUUUX
Ah harry ????????????
Anyone else think that the people saying "I'm gonna be pissed off if the theatre is full of directioners" are more annoying that the directioners here cos same.
Can't wait????????????????????????????????
another stupid over sensualized war movie. movies suck
I'm so excited for this movie ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Peeps, middle I guess actually phenomenfl% fill 8??????€?D
"Why does Nolan make a film about Dunkerque? It is unusual to compliment to Nazi German victories and it doesn't matter whatever you say, Dunkerque was definitely a decisive German victory over the French and the British.
 Not a Nazi I am but just a history student at university and it makes me uncomfotable to see these inaccuracies about the past events."
My grandad was at Dunkirk when I hear this I got angry still I'm because Fock the fracking Germans they shot my grandad lucky that the boats went back to England with him but anyway Fock the Germans then but know not
Ok so here's what I expect: 45 minute long intro of the kid joining the army, 30 minutes of basic training, 15 minutes of deployment, and a 30 minute ending battle sequence. Kinda boring, at least to me.
So much Cillian Murphy in this trailer .
"Anyone here for Tom Hardy, Harry Styles, Christopher Nolan, or any other role in the movie, that's great.

 Anyone here for the actual movie, interested in the movie, and the plot, also great.

 Just you being here, watching the trailer, that's great."
"So many war history leetists in these comments critiquing this movie's factual depiction from a trailer.
 If the general public were interested, they'd watch a documentary. But instead this looks like a beautiful cinematic piece made for entertainment and to bring interest back to WWII.
 Go back to your circlejerk forums about how much better ""the old days"" were."
Brits dying in a movie,hell yes,it will be a pleasure to watch that.
I am a big Harry Styles fan! Looking forward to seeing this, not just because Harry's in it but because I like war movies they are so cool! They give you lots of information about the past a world wars!
O HARRY SOCORRO ??????????????
Harry ????????
What happened from 1:39 to 1:42 ???????€?
I am here for CLIAN MURPHY ????????????????????????????????????
Cinematography looks good, Hoyte van Hoytema signature.
Boycott all Jew shops n stores, that includes their silly hate filled movies
What is the song at the end of this video ?
"I am a rock

 I have no idea what event is this and which war?
 I need a captain"
MEU DEUS QUE TIRO, NOSSA, ELE SE AFOGANDO, MEU BEB????, ai que dor </3 EU PRECISO VER ESSE FILME...
Nolans flop side. Good thing in the trailer is there is no lengthy inspirational speech. What if guy riche took a WWII movie how would it look like i wonder.
Okay seriously everyone needs to stop with the "13 year old kids," thing. It's been happening for 5 years. The majority of us are in our 20's. I'll be already 21 when the movie comes out.
ouaich sont ou ? les soldats Fran????ais ?
Feminists are going to shut this down because there aren't enough women.
I love war movies.. They're intense but also if my favorites die I'm leaving the theater
Could Dunkirk be on the same par with Saving Private Ryan?
So pumped to see this!
Came here for a war movie, but found a war in the comments' section instead
1:39 OMG Harry Styles
"No one can dislike it
 C'mon !!!????????"
5112 people don't have no clue who Christopher Nolan is.
1:55 Is this the Maill????-Br????z???? ?
that was fantastic.
Nolan's making a 1940 war movie? This gonna be good!
what a shitty looking movie i guess they cant all be gems
Harry looks exactly like young Leonard D'capreo.
he is back with the bag full of magic. we are waiting what Nolan has done in this flim.
I hope they kill harry off early, that way we don't have to deal with any disruption in the theater for the majority of the film
bzdura. nonsens. po co film o Dunkierce. Angole i France zdradzili nas a potem spieprzali gdzie pieprz ro???€?nie. Jak si????? nie ma pomys???€?u to trzeba by???€?o o np. Monte Cassino film nakr?????ci???€? a nie takie bzdury. Co w tym filmie takiego poruszaj???€?cego ma by???€?. nie rozumiem Nolana. Bez krzty pomys???€?owo???€?ci. Ale zach????d si????? podnieci odwag???€? brytoli i Francow a co...kupa i tyle...
reminds me a lot about medal of honor pacific assault...
I am only going because Christopher nolan is involved in The movie not because Harry Styles is in it?????€????????€????????€???
I swear I will see this just beacase Harry lol.
War. War never changes.
80% people who is going to watch this is directioner.
harry styles????????????????
"""From Christopher Nolan""





 Heavy breathing"
incepcion 2.0
"there are going to be two types of people who are going to watch this.

 1: people who are gonna watch this for nolan, actors, zimmer and the plot itself.

 2: 1D fan bitches"
Lol almost all of these comments are people bashing directioners but I haven't seen one comment of a directioner saying they only are watching this movie for Harry. Who gives a fuck? EVEN IF THEY ARE WATCHING JUST FOR HIM AT LEAST THEY WILL LEARN MORE ABOUT HISTORY!
I have never seen such a great director in my life.Congratulation sir! We are waiting .
Don't drop that dun dun Kirk
0:19, that man of steel terraformer is back
(please, don't kill Harry in a horrible way)
Am I the only one to comment on how fucking intimidating it must of been to have those leaflets dropped. We can't even begin to appreciate how harrowing it must of been to know you had the most feared, powerful armies progressing toward you..
Amazing ???????
Harry Styles+ Christopher Nolan+History= life goals
"Usa and UK have murdered Millions, for oil...
 And make a movie on how they suffering doing that and every body ""Awwwww... Heroes...""
 Murders..."

Hello
???????€????????????????????? ???????€????????€? ???????????€????? ???????????€?????
the best movie.. i like it
Dunkirk more like Dumbkirk #USA
When did the dunkirk battle takes place ? During the 1st or the 2nd WW ?
oml use headphones ????????????????
a good movie 10\10
No one is thinking about that this film could be the sequel of "Peaky Blinders" ?
0:49 harry styles!
After Apocalypse Now, Platoon, Saving Private Ryan, Black Hawk Down and more recently, HackSaw Ridge, Nolan better not water down his War movie to a PG13 just to get more people to watch it.
are they Muslims ? crazy war people!
"Give it a try
 https://mcent.com/r/8U1AYH"
omg this movie is gonna be amazing just because of harry styles. If anyone shoots him they'll have hordes of screaming fans to deal with!
:'v jueputa esa vaina se prendi????!
wait what harry styles? Wha what about 1d
"Poor old England - soggy hills, no oil, no gas, no nickel, no manganese, no iron ore, no lithium, no hope - - - except a bunch of Saudi scum cocaine addicted pieces of hooker using crap with $50,000 a night hotel rooms to deposit money in The Bank Of England...and all that drug money England, israel and the US launders...what else does poor England got? Oh yes...I FIRST RATE propaganda outfit that makes movies for cold and tired British citizens about to plunge into civil war in the next few years.

 Well, you can thank good old Israel and Zionism for your problems cant you."
when i was young and had no sense i stuck my dick in an electric fence
CAR CRASH FAILS! BEST FAILS OF 2016!
1:28 that music is AWESOME! ALL HAIL HANS ZIMMER
the thumbnail looks like from bf1 scene.. lol, for a moment i thought this is some kind of new dlc for battlefield 1
Hazza ??????
What is this based about/on
DISLIKE CAUSE I SAW ONE DIRECTION GUY........................
I can't wait for this
That high pitched propeller sound keeps bringing me back to this trailer.
Haryyyyyyy!!
Canadian,Russian,France,Poland,Serbian,Grece,Egiptians...and more heroic people,but amerikans and britan,make only movies about them,!WARNER BROS you dont have more ideas for movies,stop making crap
Typische Ami Propaganda. Es gab einen F????hrerbefehl, der besagt, das die britische "Expeditionsarmee" nicht angegriffen werden soll. Also v????lliger Schwachsinn mit den deutschen Messerschmitts , die auf wehrlose und Rot-Kreutz Schiffe feuern! Ami-Scheisse, genau wie der schwachsinnige Herz aus Stahl Scheiss!! Man man man und alle Gehirn amputierten glauben den M????ll.
"Harry Styles: * only appears 4 times in the trailer *
 me: gIVE HIM HIS OSCAR ALREADY"
Hans Zimmer composing this, definitely worth watching then.
WITAJ HAROLD XDD
War as entertainment. We're an odd species indeed.
first thought was Battlefield 1.. lmao
Eh this trailer looks ok. Nolan is 0-2 with his last two movies. Dark Knight Rises was rushed and flawed, and Interstellar was also flawed. At least he's attacking a war film now, so we'll see. Bring on War for the Planet of the Apes!
Todo mundo falando do One Direction, mimimi, sou retardado. Mas eu vim na verdade pelo TROLL do Marco Ant????nio, o membro favorito da Ilha.
Should make a movie about the Middle East
i cant concentrate to the trailer bc fangirl nolan feels is taking over me. FINALLY NOLAN IS BACK after 3 yrs. lemme cry
Whats with this anti - German proporganda
Now I'm waiting a movie from the German standpoint and how they performed an excellent maneuver to surround Tommies
In Nolan we trust... ????????????
watching this to see Harry Styles and I saw him
SAY SOMETHING HARRY!!!?!?!????????€????????€?
At first i was here just to see it for Harry Styles but now I legitimately want to see it. It looks lit.
Beautiful cinematography. Its shot on film and not digital and that is why the colours are amazing.
"I hope it won't be a movie with the ""Battlefield 1 syndrome""... It means, without ANY. BLOODY. THING. about the French forces. More than 120,000 French soldiers participated to this battle and most of the prisoners caught by the Germans were French.
 I trust in you C. Nolan, I hope you didn't (re)write History."
I guess there's a plus to having Harry Styles in this, might make the kids a bit more interested in history ???????€?
Thelegend27
Harry Styles brought me here ???????€???????
HERE FOR HARRYY MYY BEAUTIFUL BOY AND Y'ALL IK CHRISTOPHER NOLAN AND MY IDOL HARRY IS IN HIS MOVIE HEARING ME SOBBINGGG???????????????????
This movie is going to be fucking amazing!!!!
"YAAAAAAAS! ANOTHER MASTERPIECE FROM CHRISTOPHER NOLAN! YAAAAAAS!
 #BLESSED"
In NOLAN I Trust.
This looks amazing, yet I feel bad saying that, because how can you eat popcorn watching this, when it is based on reality? The BBC did a documentary about Dunkirk which was very, informative. My grade 7 school teacher would talk about Dunkirk - but she did not have an accent, though she was English.. British fishermen heard the reports, and decided to take matters into their own hands..
I think this will be a really good film, At 0:47 is that Harry Styles???
What happened at 1:39 ?
and the Oscar goes to ........ nevermind, they dont like good movies xD
We will surely see a different Harry Styles in this movie. Let's support him guys. ????????
cant wait for this movie
i'm really close of hitting 1k subscribers !! I'm so happy????????
Dunkerque en fran????ais
wooW this movie game vandha epti irukku... I'm waiting
Harry styles!!! ????????????
Glad Harry made it. Can't wait for the movie to come out though, seems well put together! ???????
Is that the time when the Brits were beaten and ran the fuck away? They made a "heroic movie" out of it? Surely, retreating in a boat back home over two hours in cold sea is much muhc MUCH more hardcore than defending every 2 meters of Stalingrad with a machinegun for six months without food or shelter. Let it be known, the Brits are biggest pussies in the world. That's why they hate on French, they're picking on others so they can hide their pussy-ass nature from everyone, but the world knows, and remembers. Just ask the Irish. ;)
FUCKKK HARRY
Cilian murphy and Tom Hardy! Fuck yeah!
pussies
man i love harry styles, but i love historical movies also, im here for both really
where r the french?
Who is Directoiner? Me!
all you need to consider about this film is that it portrays something that really happened, a great and never ending tragedy of war and a great salvage of human life. look beyond your petty insignificant thoughts on who is acting in the film, think about those poor poor souls who were forced into this desperate situation on all sides of the conflict, and think about how futile and pointless war is, and how we've learned nothing from such costly fighting, please for the love of humanity stop fighting.
"Roses are red
 My ass is in heaven
 Because it got kicked
 By TheLegend27"
Tom Hardy! <3
"where is harry??
 i watched this for Harry only"
Wait, no Michael Caine. That's not possibe.
Nigga.
Why all the hate to Directioners?? What did we do wrong? Yes there may be Directioners watching this because of Harry but that's their business. Is it that wrong to watch a movie because someone you like is in the film? Then why are you saying you want to watch this movie because you like the director? It's the fucking same thing. Stop being like a baby and fucking grow up.
i thought this was a video game lol
can't wait to see this movie. my love harry styles
I hope they do not forget the sacrifice of the French soldiers on Dunkirk
Harry Stiles????????
Totale Verdummung !
OMG!! Looks so good!!
It gives me some feel of Pitt's Fury
Is it based on another twisted history to get Oscar? :v
?????? ???????????? ???????????? ???????????? ???????????? ??????
Yes finally a war film about the British heroes in ww2
I like bread sticks
More unbelievable propaganda! It was ONLY ONE OF HITLER'S MANY OFFERS OF PEACE TO CHURCHILL! The internet is forcing them to step up the propaganda game, notice that... they'll really stop at nothing. Forget what we've leaned, knew, etc in the last 70 years, no, we MUST AT ALL COSTS KEEP THIS NARRATIVE OR ESLE IT ALL COMES CRUMBLING DOWN...
1:03. If you don't know the difference between a spanish HA-1112 and a german BF-109E, please don't do a movie of Donkerque.
Disaster after disaster! DUnkirk and the end of Britian????s war in europe. Only the USa could help Britain - and Russia!?
am i the only one who came here because of Harry Styles?
this movie is cool because many english die
Is that guy was Mr. Bean at 0:16 ?
Amazing they didn't rewrite history to put in non whites and transgenders into this film.I thought this was a rule now ?
He should make a film about the war in the Pacific. If people think the war in Europe was bad, read up on the Pacific theatre.
Not quite the right time period to be a tie-in movie with Peaky Blinders.
Hooray for propaganda.
don't answer this I already know
Wait nvm
"Jetzt so ein Film ????ber deutsche Soldaten im Kessel von Stalingrad.




 Ach nee stimmt, das waren ja die B????sen."
why the fak it's there ww2 era planes with ww1 era soldier gear
I dont even care what it is about. If it's Christopher Nolan Ill watch it
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Scarsdale diet on my blog at dennisreviews. com/scarsdale-diet-review/ Thanks. Francis.
meh
"Christopher Nolan is the best director of these times.

 and he is in my top of best directors."
man, Gilderoy Lockhart is doing well since he had his memory wiped
Am I the only person that wants to watch this not because of Harry styles
the miracle that was
This was kind of an epic moment in time. When Hitler could have completely ended Britain's fighting force. So as far as us WWII fans, this is a movie that needed to be made. And I like that Harry Styles is in it, and the new generation hopefully might have some interest. Harry is a good kid, he worked in a bakery as a teen and the old ladies loved him.?? And I especially liked when he was trying out for the contest, standing in line and they interviewed him and he said I hope they pick me! Yeah they picked you little bastard. Just kidding
DUN DUNDUN DUN DUN DUN DUUUUUN (seven nation army)
eh looks lame
"please Do Register
 https://oneplusstore.in/december?_act_referrer=20647556#.WFZLbREOlXA.link"
I can't wait to watch. Still haven't watched Hawkshaw ridge yet????????
My great granduncle was killed at Dunkirk. One of those many who never made it back to fight any other day. I'm going to see this in memmory of him and all those who fell beside him. RIP those men who gave it all in pursuit of the freedom of Europe
I want to watch Dunkirk because harry(my bae) is there
This is why I voted to leave the Eu. They would be proud of me.
I just know this movie will portray they British as the brave strategic righteous army, when in fact they broke their promises to France and Belgium and pulled out and didn't bring the air support they said they would. to all trolls , Yes France did surrender after nearly 2 months of Fighting. .. facing war on 3 fronts Germany , Italy and some people thought Spain might join in too, due to their good relations with the Axis powers and alliance during the civil war, so they had to have soldiers on that front too and also had troops in Norway.. they did manage to push back the Italians but were surrounded and alone after The Dutch and Belgians have surrendered and the British retreated over the channel.
The music from 01:28 to 02:00 ?????€??? goosebumps
what battle was this?..
OMG HARREH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
hum
Is this supposed to be ww1 or 2
why cant we ever have a war movie staring the Germans i understand that in this one it makes sense d=for it to be the allies but seriously movies from the German perspective especially in ww1 would be interesting
sub to me, reply and say u did and I will sub back
who's still watching this video in 2016...
Casting is a subversive attempt to attract <17 year olds to watch something historical.
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Wallace wattles on my blog at dennisreviews. com/wallace-wattles-review/ Thanks. Chester.
I am desperately waiting for harry to talk in the trailer wtf
This is gonna be lit. I can't wait. so excited.
Harry! ????????????????
Nice video. You may also want to checkout the review of Bar brothers on my blog at dennisreviews. com/bar-brothers-review/ Thanks. Omer.
This is Christopher Nolan. This is more that a ww2 movie. Nothing is ever how it seems with Nolan. All his movies endings are open to the viewers interpretation. unless this is going to be did Hitler really give the halt order or not. But i dont expect most youtube commenters to know history. Ahh this world pains mne so
"vote here to know more

 https://wavo.me/sunburn/raybansunburn-dj-invitational-2016/_raybansunburn_invitational_mix_18814246819910000?u=53dbcc867a85037b1900006d&s=rEc2XxbO3Dqvikn9nZ9hCX-Pv2g&v=1"
there is no hiding from this son!! real talk
just gonna wait for it to air on television
We surround "YOU"!
if the music starting at 1:29 is an actual song, NAME PLEASE
Battlefield 1 leaked DLC trailer footage
"WTF...4K people didn't liked it? Do they have any idea who Nolan is?
 Such a great trailer and they are disliking it....????????????????"
the trailor came out on my bday !!!
IM WATCHING THAT
am I the only one who wants to watch the movie just because there is Tom Hardy in it????...though everyone is talking about Christopher Nolan..
Came here for Harry styles, but the movie itself came out to be good af.....its damn good....
.
"I'm very excited to see this movie. Dunkirk! Such an epic ww2 chapter. British Vanguard alongside the French holding a defensive perimeter resisting the Germans. tremendously happy to see also the inclusion of the locals ship owners who registered there sea capable boats to help rescue men from Dunkirk. Entire fisherman Crews volunteer to across the channel into dangerous territory. old career men and young teenagers with no military experience. an evacuation so successful Churchill felt compelled to go on the radio and remind people that Wars are won by evacuations. I just hope this movie delivers it in a World War 2 accurate manner.

 anyone else excited to see this movie?"
please be rated r so the 1D fans won't be able to see it in theaters!
ok ok asides from Harry Styles who I love....this actually looks really good
my grandfarther was at dunkirk with the scottish highlanders out of 670 men 8 returned he was one of them
"This is having some kind of haunting effect.
 Nolan the Master."
?????€??????? Knock Knock Professionals in the cards ?????€???????
as someone who is the granddaughter of a WWII pow AND a fan of harry styles, everyone needs to calm down.... Christopher Nolan wouldn't cast a bad actor, and most of the fans who actually come to see the movie will be older and respectful. Do you really think parents are going to take their young daughters to see a war movie just because their idol is in it?? Use common sense y'all
"waiting eagerly for this movie.???????€?
 Harry style is in it ......"
BOI IT LOOKS SO GOODDDDD
Jesus, a WWII movie not about macho Americans saving the day? I wasn't aware that we still made those.
I only want to say, that it's ok that you guys hate us as fans of 1D and those stuff (I also hate us in some moments) But please, don't hate the work of Harry, is not his fault to has stupid fans that make noise for everything, He is working so hard and is his first movie, so...change your mind about him for a moment and value his work (however i'm pretty sure that he is going to be only a pair minutes)don't think about him as a 1dboy, think about him as Harry Styles in his first steps as an actor.
seriously, some people here call themselves adults yet they're acting like a bunch of 3 yrs. old. i mean telling someone to kill his/her self just because he/she's a 1d fan? society's messed up. adults are supposed to be mature and understanding. yet they're here insulting children and teenagers just bc that kiddo is fangirling over someone. GROW UP!
fantastic trailer .
I cannot wait man, I been wanting this movie for months!
Yes! Cillian Murphy is staring in this!
Thank God I don't know what Harry Styles looks like lol
damm that music doe
Harry showed up like 3x onlyyyy :((
Christopher Nolan does trailers the right way.
I personally think Hacksaw Ridge will be the better of the 2 movies
I personally think Hacksaw Ridge will be the better of the 2 movies
As an American, I'm very happy to see that there is going to be a World War Two movie from a different countries perspective in an event that the US didn't have a part in
i hope this movie is not another wwii propaganda movie where one plane can knock out 50 german planes
Love from India, Mr. Nolan, you have many, many fans here
omg
god dammit after watching harry potter and the chamber of secrets i will never be able to take that officer seriously
Jewish World War II hate the German movies.....fuck the Jews.. GO IRAN! Go Palestine!
"I love Christopher Nolan films! Can't wait for this one, such a killer cast! I'll watch any Tom Hardy movie any day, no questions asked lol
 Plus Harry Styles is looking rather dashing in his uniform, so happy he's been given the chance to act. He will always have my support no matter what he chooses to pursue."
Who else screamed when Harry showed?
Christopher Nolan, will always watch his movies. Always
Great trailer guys
More top comments complaining about Harry Styles fans than there are comments from Harry Styles fans. I guess this proves what gets likes on youtube lmao.
"Directioners be like: ""OH MY GAWD! HARRY STYLES IS IN A MOVIE! What's a Dunkirk?""

 Bitch, it's a fucking city in France. Have you not taken History or Geography when you were in school?"
Harryyyyy
Does this seem as an exciting movie?
I'm going to watch this, leave the theater, and want to play Battlefield like I did with Hacksaw.
harryyyy
Harry ????????
????Nolan? i take it.
at 0:46, Harry styles
Excited for Dunkirk :)
assassins creed
The ending: it turns out that the war in fact ended when the lead character joined the army because of a space time differential between him joining the army and actually fighting. This, of course, is alluded to in a dream where we see the protagonist's back facing the camera after the war. But, as a soldier, the lead character actually died in battle as a symbol of fear but his alter-ego survives. That is, he survives by means of exile to a dream dream world because he was a schizophrenic the entire time.
If harry dies..... I'll kms
Why the fuck is harry styles in this movie? Almost all of the fans dont even know about the battle of Dunkirk.
Spoiler alert: Hitler dies
From filmmaker Christopher Nolan (???????Interstellar,??????? ???????Inception,??????? ???????The Dark Knight??????? Trilogy) , well interstellaR was ok Inception was a piece of shit. batman begins was really good but th next 2 were fuking awful. this could be ok tho. but making batmans voice so rough and deep was so fuking stupid after he nailed batman begins
It looks... generic.
I saw my husband he's name is harry styles
god some people are so stupid. just because it doesn't show french people in the trailer doesn't mean they're not in the movie. this looks like is focuses on the British people, I'm sure there will be some french people around.
seriously I am dying to see this movie that harry styles is going to be in I am being inpatient right now
can't wait this movie just becouse director by C.Nolan ,My favorite his movie is Inception and memento !
where is gerrard way? the ghost of you?
I just hope they don't glamourize war.
How will Nolan confuse the shit out of us this time? Despite this being an historic event I'm willing to wager anything this won't be as linear or straightforward as it may seem.
Actual footage of the 2017 Brexit negotiations.
ok ... people in the movie look a little too clean. Looks good however.
Seems like a decent looking movie. Will be hard to see Harry's face in nearly every shot but I'll manage. To this day the Dark Knight is still the best movie I've ever watched. Will be interesting how Nolan approaches this.
I LOVE Tom Hardy & ww2 Movies. I cant wait to see this.
I need to see this movie.
Harry Styles?
wow it is trending at no 20 in Nepal
what happened to that guy at 1:39
"Remember gys: it is the British the ones losing, it is called a victory.

 Puns aside, I am really interested in this movie. Nolan is more than up to the task, and this uncommon setting for a WW II movie is intriguing."
Incredible trailer. Now if only we could get some big naval or tank battle movies this quality.
v c c cv cv cv c c
Harry Styles?????€????????€????????€???
s???? vim pelo Harry
I would have dismissed this as any other war movie until I saw that Christopher Nolan is directing it. It's been a while since Interstellar
Honestly the people complaining about people only watching this because of Harry styles are 8 year olds themselves. I got four words. Who. Gives. A. Fuck. People watch movies for certain reasons, at the end of the day they're still going to witness the movie the same as everybody else that watched it is going to, no matter what the reason for watching it was.
As a collector of original WW2 uniforms I have to say those caps are very inaccurate you can tell the badges are cheap Indian / Pakistan made replicas I would have thought with a budget like this they could have sourced originals.
Nolan + Zimmer = Great movie
duhhh duh dun dun duuuh dun...
"So as some mentioned before, this is hitorically inacurate, since Hitler let them escape.
 Whatever tho, make an enemy of the past the enemy of the present..."
S
the way sand is faling from the sky and over that dues head is awsome
Another omaha beach film about mans who win WW2? U to fast forgot who win this war... =) ???????????????????? ???????????????????????????????€????? =)
Nice film
Harry's acting skills seem to have improved since iCarly
Gilderoy Lockhart? Is that you? The amnesia led to a different life
yasss
I didn't even know hairy Zahn was in this movie
Yay the planes actually look real!
I'm reading the comments and all there is, is salty people talking about the event. And people being annoyed. I came here for my boy Harry TBH
Endlich ein Film mit den Deutschen! Auch wenn es auf der britischen Geschichte basiert. Wir h????tten sie in D????nkirchen beenden k????nnen!
only came bc of harry! xD
were Are Germans ?
When people still think us 1d fans are still 13 yr olds ????????most of us were 13-15 when they started out and they've been together for 6 years.we age too y'know..
cant wait for this ????????????????????????
Sounds so fucking good omg
omg harry!!!!!!! he looks so good.... :)
#PartiuDarALoucaNoCinema kkk Anciosaaaaa, e vai ter after tbm!???????
S???? n????o gostei porque apareceu Harry s???? 4 vezes. Super apoio Harry atuando em muuuuuitos outros filmes, uma lindeza como a dele precisa ser divulgada e amada???????
The same people who criticize the historical accuracy of this movie probably loved Tarantino's ridiculous Inglorious Basterds
Just no interest in watching another of this type of movie. If this movie makes millions and people love it, happy to say it's just me. Guess we will have to see how this does world wide.
"EU GRITEI TANTO QUANDO VI HARRY STYLES
 AAAAAAAAAAAH AINDA ESTOU EUFORICA!!!!"
If Harry styles is the only reason younger people are watching this movie, let it happen. At least not only will the enjoy the movie but they'll be well aware of this very important historical event.
"MARK RYLANCE
 HARRY STYLES
 KENNETH BRANAGH
 ALFIE SOLOMONS
 AND TOMMY FOOKING SHELBY"
Is this set in ww1 or ww2??? I cant tell.
I dont care 80% german soldiers die in eastern front. Pathetic british/usa shit like always
Saw the IMAX extended preview last night before rogue one and never in my entire life have I heard a more terrifying sound than the Stuka sirens in full IMAX sound. Truly unbelievable...
Nobody told me Cillian Murphy was in this movie, I'm so fucking ready for this
Aw harry
I think that the first 12 seconds of this trailer is very powerful and shows that it will be a good film
"french army saved britain to dunkirk"' Churchill
looks stunning
There's no hiding from this son. Great line.
2000subscribers
London is less than 30% White British. Congrats lads ! GB USA FRANCE Cuckholds and slaves to the International Jewish Race destroyed White Civilization
Dunkirk... or how to turn a terrible loss into a victory. British are allways so good at it.
HARRY????????????????????????
So going to watch this
Dunkirk was a desaster of British and French politics to stop Hitler. After that Britain was alone.
Spoilers The German are the enemies!
I think that many people here in the comment section misunderstand what some of us say... We are not hating Harry (atleast not me) but we are pretty pissed of his horny fangirls who have to tell everyone that they are only here to see HIM.
ok the movie yh but HARRY THOOO gahhh I lovee him
The bad guys won the war!
MEN AND THEIR BULLSHIT WARS...THEY ALL SHOULD HAVE WENT DOWN
Three simple steps to increasing your subscribers, 1. talk bullshit. 2. talk bullshit about the most exhilarating gan base which people hate. 3. talk bullshit about the most exhilarating gan base which people hate because they don't know shit about it. cue the innocent smile
I saw Harry in the left corner and I screamed im gonna see this for sure Fuck rated R
i see you Harry 0:47
What's with all the movies about irrelevant WW2 battles like this skirmish, Normandy and defeating bamboo navy and paper planes in Pafic? There were only 3 relevant battles in WW2: Moscow, Stalingrad and Kursk. This fanboyism of a few thousand Brits being potentially captured and well fed afterwards by Germans is sort of cringy.
Poor Thomas Shelby...
This movie looks amazing. Nolan should do a trilogy of three different WW2 battles, Dunkirk, Stalingrad and Okinawa. Do the last one from the point of view of the people who lived on Okinawa and the money middle one from the Germans perspective.
Why do people dislike Harry Styles ? Like what did he do ? Is it just guys being jealous or something ?
"Sub --- I'll sub back
 Like --- your a good friend"
I don't know how people can watch this. So depressing. bah...
28 million russian soldiers died in ww2 and were pissed that 400.000 soldiers not all were british were fleeing to british shores oh my heart wheeps for this fake philosiphical war.
FUCK FUCK FUCK Jedisch Fuckners wehre Need not a Nouther Lie Movie. Wehre Need a Beauty Movie. Al this Schit Boykoting NOW...
Because there were only British trapped in Dunkirk. Not Frenchs at least.
I just hope that harry doesn't die
HARRY!!! :v
Looking at the full cast on imdb, there isn't a single German actor to provide the German view of dunkirk which is unfortunate.
Oscar nominations Only
Got to be a damn good flick!
I must say I can't wait till this comes into theaters this is a part of history that everyone should know.
I wonder if he's going to piss on history and the french, like Hollywood is often inclined to do in every war movies.
Honestly I came her for harry and the movie because it seems very interesting
did i see that kid of one direction in this...
"Battlefield 1 trailer*
 Thieving bastardi"
I think at least 80% of the people that are watching this video are One Direction fans lol. So am I.
In time when MEN were MEN
I hope it's long as F.
we british are too cool and can survive anything, country of courage bravery wrapped up in a royalty lie
this was a manufactured war like many others but this film looks wicked, no doubt best war movie to date
https://soundcloud.com/value_villain_xxx/prophet-nas-flip
I'm kinda getting sick of these people who keep talking about Harry Styles being in the movie, and then people comment how some people are commenting about Harry being in the movie, yes I am a directioner but that's not the only reason why I'm watching the movie. Can we please comment about the fact that this will be an exciting movie??
Can't wait for this
when will it be released in Canada?
The trailer seems that Chirstopher Nolan used CGI on the airplane and battleships schenes, but he actually used REAL WWII battleships and airplanes. Best Director that god ever created!!
based on the trailer, it seems like a beautiful movie, one created to share the stories of thousands, those who have passed on and those who might be alive.. I have utmost respect for these soldiers?????????????????& I can't wait to catch this movie in the cinemas
propagandi
People are saying "Why the hate on Harry Styles?" well maybe because he became famous simply because someone wanted him to be in a band and so the talent-less bad singer is now in a huge movie and I doubt somehow without any acting before or even acting school he will be good. It is possible, but I doubt it and I wish Nolan wouldn't have had him in this film.
Whos the legend27?
I can't believe my harry is an actor now ???????????????? YYYYYYEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
0:48?? ?? my world
So this is pretty much battle field 1 the movie
Aslong as its well directed,good effects,respectful and historically accurate idc who is in it :P
I'm from India and I don't know, but is this Pearl Harbor
I can't believe how immature this world has become. From someone who isn't a 1D fan. You ALL need to shut the fu** up about Harry Styles. At the end of the day, he's still a person and that isn't by choice, just like the brave young people who didn't have a choice to fight in the war. Harry Styles still would have fought in the war if he had been born in that time period so he has just as much right to star in this movie than anyone. The fact that he stars in his role is very noble and respectful that he is starring in a film that remembers what our soilders went through rather than a soulless romantic comedy. I solute Harry for this choice and no, I don't listen to any of his songs.
Cillian Murphy you are the man!
What is Harry styles? Prince Harry's Styles?
I'm only here cuz of Harry
Very pathetic and stupid trailer.
This looks soooo good
Hitler let them leave
What's the name of the song staring at 1:27??
"Dislike
 let down"
Hey Folks at 1:30 do you know who plays this music ?
*Dunquerke
waiting for movie.... classy action
Christopher Nolan is world's greatest story teller ever...he is an assest for Film Industry
every single scene was so touching.. incredible
OMG this movie will be amazing
This looks so good omg!!
1:35 is that Nolan ?
Why all the hate towards Harry? Nolan even said himself that they treated Harry just like every other person, it was his acting skills that shone not the fact that he's a Popstar. Appreciate the fact that his fans are proud of him but also are excited for the historical aspects of the whole film.
340000 French and British men were saved at that beach. The allies were defeated though at the Battle of Dunkirk
looks great
I'm learning about this in history
But how about the theatre trailer tho...
Least we got a giant on our side haha
harry ????????????????????????????????
THIS MOVIE LOOKS SO FREAKING COOL. I'M 90 LEVELS OF HAPPY RIGHT NOW.
"I would really like to know the name of the song at the beginning of the trailer that also appears at the end.

 Edit: I found it, it's called ""The End"" by Bobby Krlic"
kinda disappointed this is Nolan's next film. WW2 movies have been done to death already. He's such a revolutionary director, it's a shame he picked a genre that's already overfilling with films. Was hoping he would continue in the line of Inception and Interstellar...
"This comment section in a nutshell:

 80% - People complaining that a lot of people will only see this because of Harry (though I haven't seen any 1D fans in the comments)
 19% - History buffs saying they hope this is accurate and/or shaming people into seeing this because if they don't, ""they won't be honoring the soldiers who went through this"" (I do honor all of those who were at Dunkirk)
 1% - Nolanites (like me) who will give Christopher our money no matter what he makes. He could make a 90 minute film of a pie being eaten and we would still see it."
Amazing I'm waiting ????????????
God! I can't stop watching this trailer. It's so good. The music, the vibe and picture. Everything.
Why are people mad about Harry Styles being in this movie atleast its not Justin Bieber
Anyone saw 7 minute preview at Star Wars?
Harry????????????????
Amazing! I'll give it 5 stars...
I'm seeing that!
so which character am i supposed to care about?
The Germans must have been really powerful to make over 400,000 men retreat from Dunkirk.
Too clean uniforms, complete ignorance of the laws of physics and probably will have an ending where the americans save the day... another Hollywood blockbuster :(
oh harold
Slechte kut film
"The look of the film feels so similar to Inception and Interstellar, it's Christopher Nolan written all over it..yet it did not feel like a trailer for Christopher Nolan's film..
 I mean the teasers for Inception, Interstellar and many of his films barely gave anything away about the plot but still they were exciting...This one seems a little underwhelming.."
"i was wondering how this trailer of a movie i never heard of got 10,999,095 views in about 3 days, then i saw harry styles and all my questions were answered. should be a good movie tho, it's christopher nolan



 -12-18-"
That soundtrack is already a classic, everyone is talking about it.
cillian murphy is my dad
Anything SYNCOPY or LEGENDARY produces always visually looks fucking amazing.
It's Gilderoy Lockhart!
I'm just here for Harry ??????
ale gniot
bf1 in real life
plz watch my son's video ?????€????????€????????€???
i think it will be great movie with great story and great actors. that's my opinion.
I'm so looking forward to watch this movie. ....Cause one of my boy is here
"???????????????? ????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????, ???????????????? ???????????????? ????????????????????????????" - ???????????????????????? ???????????????????????????€????? ?????????????
1:17 Newt Is that You mr Scamander ???? lol
???€????€????€????€????€????€????€????€?.???????????€????€?.???????€?????.???????€????€?.???????????? ???????€????????????????????€? ????????.???€????€????€????€????€????€????€?.???€????? ???????€????????? ???????????? ???????? ???????????????????€?..???€????€????€????€????€????€????€????€?.???????????? ???????????? ???????????????????????€?.???????? ???€?????????????..
OK, why is Harry Styles?
"screenwriting pet peeve alert!!!

 "" You can practically smell it from here...""
  "" ...(what?)""
 ""Home"".

 Nobody really talks like that.
 He would have said ""you can practically smell home from here"".

 it's like how Jack and Rose said each other's name before every sentence in Titanic. it's unnatural and it makes the film seem less authentic."
FUCK YES
More Hollywood WW2 bullshit. That said, if the film highlights the moment when that fat drunk in London gave the order for the evacuation, but left the Scottish regiments behind to fight off the Nazis, then I'll tip my hat in respect. In fact, I'd say showing the story of the Scots Regiment and the Highlanders battling for survival while the rest fled would be an even more intense film.
I love movies
Who's watching this for Harry?
supposedly fast furious 8 make movie like this. not a bullshit movie
"spoiler alert:

 they escape and reach britain
 1944 dday is launched
 operation deadstick, operation neptune happens first then followed by operation overlord
 they push to the ardeness
 battle of the bulge is launched
 the allies pushed back, then recovers and pushed the germans back
 rhine river crossing happens
 soviet captures berlin hitler shots himself
 k done"
0:09 INTERSTELLAR VIBES!!! NOLAN STOP THE EASTER EGGS PLEASE!!! Bless you Hans Zimmer!
germans didn't bomb the allies at dunkirk, why nobody knows. probably because he wanted peace with britain.
I thought its a game :/
Looks like a promising film, one of the named actors in this film is my ex-music teachers son
No aguanto m????s a verla quiero llorar ???????€??????€??????????€????????????????€????????????????? quiero ver a harry quien no lo ama Ajjajajajja un un poco ???????€??????€????????????????????????€??€??????????????????????????€???
Not one Canadian or French actor. Almost as if they're glorifying the British. Hmmm...
"100 employees required for 1 hr work daily

 FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE

 Hello friends, i had an online work which require 1 hr work for daily

 Your income would be Rs. 5000-10000 monthly

  DAILY PAYMENT BANK TRANSFER

 android phone required

 Whatsapp & internet knowledge is must

 serious candidates msg ""JOB"" .

 Contact : 8421482649"
this movie looks amazing
"no thanks ill stick to

 saving private ryan
 band of brothers
 the pacific
 dambusters
 battle of britain
 the longest day
 a bridge too far

 so er i appreciate it so no i wont watch this with harry styles in it er i can tell the cinema will be filled with girls who knows nothing about ww2"
didnt think i was gonna be interested in this but the trailer got me hooked!
"SPOILER :





 Harry Styles is son of Hitler in this movie"
So I know that the battle and the evacuation of Dunkirk was a big thing between Germany and the British forces but I'm still a little confused on what was all happening at the time. Can someone please explain what the whole battle was really about and what happened? Thanks
welcome to battlefield 2
"to the people commenting that they're here for harry: DO U WANT A TROPHY OR SOMETHING??? LITERALLY NO ONE FUCKING CARES JUST WATCH THE DAMN TRAILER AND SHUT UP

 to the people commenting that harry's going to ruin the movie: i highly doubt he would have been casted if he couldn't act cmon now smh"
"oh ! second by second you will affect me , you will attract me
 oh!!!!!!! it's really awesome"
Hope we'll see at least some French soldiers. People need to know that only the French Army held Dunkerke while the BEF was ordered to wait for evac on the beach.
RIP all of the soldiers that died and gave their lives for something stupid a War between humans???????????????? may God be with all of them Who have fought in wars amen ??????????????????????€????????€???
That movie is included in our village Urk
is harry the main character in this film
Harry Styles in it, cool, whatever....but guys, CILLIAN MURPHY!!!!! I've been waiting so long!
I'm not impressed
wow
If anyone is looking for Harry Styles.... he is at 0:42-0:50 :)
As expected, blood and gore are severely lacking just like in all Nolan movies.
So proud of Harry
all the special snowflakes in the comment section
Christopher Nolan, im going to watch it
I've no video but sub and let arriva to 1.000.000 subs
Thoght it was Battlefield 1. Close enough
Tommy Shelby
OmG MY HARRY'S TOO BEAUTIFUL FOR THIS WORLD
finaly a real one trialer. not a fake.
harry look hot af even when drowning ????????????????
I don't care if Harry Styles is on this movie or not. But, as soon it's directed by Christopher Nolan, it would be good and become Oscar bait.
I'm tired of heroic stories. When you will start filming movies that you massacred innocent people...
the world awakens to ww2 truth. these Jewish movies are finally losing
"Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy combo
  I am not ready"
00:41 Goosebumps
i'm so excited for this film, i really want to see how well harry acts, and the film in general seems fucking amazing
"I bet you 1362929638153617930163518$ that U ''didn't'' read

 a that Number right!

 Now give me a like Or U Will have bad luck But! If you want good luck subcribe to My Channel ;)"
i actually really want to see this movie
This looks like it's going to be amazing.
Why a faggot like harrry styles his job is to make 13 year old girls wet not bring to life a horrific accident
Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, Zimmer and Nolan. Insta-watch.
"Omfg, Harry Styles is in this Movie?

 Is he Playing as Hitler?
 No?..

 Aw..."
HARRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY????????????
reaction of this on my channel <3
I don't have interest in movies like this but because of Harry I love war movies
To be honest, the cover poster of this movie was copied from Battlefield series
Nolan is truly one of the greatest writers/directors of our time. You can tell by every frame that he cares what it will look like. He doesn't do a half ass job and you can tell his passion for creation is at an all time high. Cannot wait to see this.
Another Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer masterpiece.
Dunkirk,still reminding the germans we kicked their arses nearly 80 years on !
Harryy??????????????
Am I the only one who was excited by the movie just because I want to know the Dunkirk Evacuation?
who else is waiting for a holocaust movie
its 2016 and they making movies on WW2 lol,
Heroes and Generals
Hahah this was filmed not far from where I live! Nice to see a new war film anyway.
whos everyone going on about Prince Harry?
whos everyone going on about Prince Harry?
I'm a Directioner and I love Hazza, but I want to see the film for its history, even if Harry was not there. <3
Who cares about Harry Styles? Nolan alone is BIG ENOUGH
at last a WW2 movie that doesnt have americans taken the credit for what others have done
gotta say it looks pretty shit
bane is back, with an aeroplane!
ASOPOTAMADRE
there's nothing glorious or triumphant about war... it''s the most disgusting, deplorable, unnatural act a human can engage in... It's funny how those who are most pro-war are almost always the guys who never had to fight in one.
Came here for the movie, stayed for the memes.
os autores v????o ficar rico s???? com a participa????????o do Harry ksmsmskama
I'm so excited yayyyy, in Christopher Nolan we trust
The British flag on that Jeep is nothing like a real British Flag. Look at the thick/thin white stripes. Typical Hollywood crap.
Even the music in this trailer got me pumped
"""What is a Dunkirk?"" Harry Styles...
 (trying to attract the young dumb audience. successful ?????€???)"
HARRY STYLES
WOAH wait Harry Styles is in this??? I didn't know he did acting.
Newsflash: Having interest in history and good movies and having interest in boybands are NOT mutually exclusive no matter how hard you try to paint teenage girls as one dimensional.
Hopefully Harry Kyle's is brutally murdered in the movie.
maybe the most important evacuation of humankind
my favorite hobby: watching old crusty white men being pressed about harry styles having a role in a christopher nolan movie
1:47 Tom Hardy?
at first i was only gonna watch this movie because harry styles is in it , but then i liked the trailer , so now it's perfect because i have two reason to wait for this movie
*
Shit. It is nice to Watch it
Man, I love how the music really kicks in at 1:29. It's inspiring in many ways
Its a WW2, tards. And We will WIN at this war, We - Russians. Not you, bastard s in England, and US, not fcking EU. WE! WE are Russians. Remember that.
Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy??? Nice nice nice!!!
???????€????€????????????????? ???????????€????????????????????????€?????) ???????????€????????????????€????? ???????? ????????????????????, ???????????????????€????????????€?????, ????????????????€????????????????????€?????! ???????????????????? ???? ???????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????€????????€????????????????€?????????!)
Hitler give them mercy
the drowning scene.
Harry is punt dying he is going up and he got a life jacket soo 1d fans can stop being butt hurt
y'all came for harry styles. I came for tom hardy
Why are u so pressed about directioners? The movie looks good
so is this inspired from true story ?
All of the comments are literally people just complaining about Harry and his fans. Lol. Not all of his fans are young 12 year olds. I am 19 in example and I know very, very many fans around my age and in their twenties! I WILL be seeing this movie, yes because of Harry but I also think it seems extremely interesting. I'm sure the movie will be great and I am excited for it. I don't know why we must set "rules" about seeing a movie?? I'll be sitting there quietly eating a large popcorn just like anyone else seeing any movie....
Online "business" at home, 100% free. Immediate WhatsApp me. 7750803892.
Looks crap...
magical Christ nolan
Si Harry muere har???? un jodido drama en el cine, cabrones.
I think Nolan is probably the closest thing to a prime Spielberg we have, as in someone who makes movies of that scale and popularity that are still really substantive
in the end does he say home or hope? im dutch sorry english isnt my best language
Hey I'm here for Cillian Murphy
10 million views just for harry styles
FINALLY a World War film that centres around British and Allied countries, not just America
i pooped my pants when i saw harry. def going to watch this.
Can't wait for the soundtrack
looks like this is another lie about wwii just like the holocaust. 300000 men get killed by Nazi Germany except 6 million jews..!!!
Wait, so this isn't an alien invasion flick? Ah.
Again... WHERE ARE THE FUCKING FRENCH??
Be nice to see a British war film without all the yank bollocks we have to endure.
Second Officer Charles Lightoller, a survivor of the Titanic, was there with his motor yacht, Sundowner, to help evacuate soldiers from Dunkirk. True story.
Where is Michael Caine? This is a Christopher Nolan movie, right?
I am definitely watching this in cinemas.
CHRISTOPHER NOLAN MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!
why their clothes look so nice and clean
Harry ?????????????????€??????????
Who's here because of Christopher Nolan and NOT Harry fuckin' Style????????€????????€?
I can't wait.............
Honestly I don't care about 1D fans watching this movie but if you are going BATSHIT crazy over this one guy then you are being extremely disrespectful to what this movie is and its significance to our lives. If you're watching this just for "Harry" then sure go ahead but just so you know, you are being very ignorant about what this movie is about it's not about a fucking singer it's about brave men who sacrificed their lives for YOU. You should really be watching this to remind yourselves of how grateful it is to be alive today and to thank these people for what they did to protect their countries. Please, please if you are a fan of 1D be respectful towards this movie and don't watch it JUST for Harry Styles.
I keep trying to play game of war but this one player keeps kicking my ass.
"extinction is the rule
 survival is the exception"
Where was this filmed?
c a n ' t w a i t
High-key don't care Harry Styles is in it. Just really love learning and watching shit based off of WWII.
Looks amazing!! Cant wait ?????€???????????
Tom Hardy and Nolan
shite! I saw Harold Edward Styles twice.... as in twiceeeeeeee!!! lol
going to watch starwars instead
Omg Harry???????
SI HARRY MUERE LOS DENUNCIO Y QUEMO EL CINE
another war movie in my watch list :)
harry wtffffffff ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????€??€?
Looks amazing can't wait to see it
?????????????????
My ex boyfriend met a german guy before, and that German dude stole his phone and ran away then we found it somewhere in a park broken.
This looks great
im here for Cillian Murphy
"Hope is a weapon...




 Come on Nolan lets see what you've got!!!"
21 july I have my birthday
Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer, you can't go wrong with that.
Chris Nolan + Tom Hardy + Cillian Murphy + Harry Styles + War Movie = Pure Gold
just going to watch this movie because of harry.
LMAO Another turd from the Master of the Obvious, nolan the shitfucker.
Exceptional camerawork
"Best trailer I've seen in a long time!

 Saving Private Ryan was an epic film about rescue. The ""Miracle of Dunkirk"" was the most epic rescue in history! Some big names feature, looks quality ????????"
please listen to my songs at my channel and like and support me for new songs ... Thanks !
http://9gag.com/gag/aPM1ywQ?ref=w.commentnoti#cs_comment_id=c_148196938912703288
Harry styles I just love him
This film is going to break my heart, I just know it.
when its a Nolan film, i jus watch one trailer and then directly the movie in theatres...thats how excited i am for his movies, no matter who acts in this..i bet Nolan gets his work done. PERFECTIONIST!!
"""You can practically see it from here""
 ""What?""
 ""2018 Oscar winner"""
can't wait to see a spitfire vs lutwaffe scene
sombody know the song
Do we really need another World War movie? Talk about saturating a topic.
was that harry styles?
nice director Kristofer Nolan osun movie I
Harry ????????
British and French run like rabbits only Polish few soliders stand 3 weeks against German.
some shit again about western movie . They are liar.
harry????????????????????????
Good that this story is being told, my mother was 13 when this happened, some of the troops were brought to Southampton, where she lived.
Congratulations Brities Tommies. You defeated the german army in WWII for the Jew but now you are being annihilated by the muslims in your own soil. And I????ll tell you a secret, the ones that opened Britain????s gates to the muslims are the chosen people. Isn????t it fun?. If you don????t beliebe me search on YouTube "Barbara Spectre".
I'm living in Dunkerque (dunkirk) and about our story there is a lot of different things.... When I saw the first trailer I was disapointed now I'm still disapointed!!!!!
Thomas fucking shelby
"I'm SO excited to see the movie!!
 And I love you Harry !!????????????????????????????????????"
Harry I Love
I love Nolan movies. He plays with ideas and doesn't use much CGI and slow motion.
"No one cares about the movie stuffs because we all know the director.. Who can change something ordinary to extraordinary..... Nd thats more than enough!
 Damn excited about this movie!"
Tommy fookin Shelby
When i saw the name Christopher Nolan i was hopping for a mind fuck movie :/
I bet this is gonna be more depressing than saving private ryan.
This movie looks depressing as shit
Hope is a weapon huh? How bout we step out side, I'll shoot u in the foot with a crossbow and u spit some dank hope quotes at me
I'm watching this movie for sure, Christopher Nolan is quintessentially the most prestigious director ever or one of the most. He's also directed one of my all time favourite film, Interstellar. :DD
Who the fuck is Harry Styles?
Looks pretty good. It's cool seeing Cillian Murphy, guy is so underrated.
No wonder What went through that 9 Days!! ++----Nolan
is that hairy styles or whatever that one directioner is
looks boring to me
Hail Hitler
Bane went to pilot school.
Another one american propaganda how they won the ww2
Why in the world everyone is hating on Harry Styles??? Why is everyone talking as, if Harry styles is in this movie then the movie will get ruined? How can you say if he is a singer he can't act. Christopher Nolan is not an idiot to cast Harry if he is of no good.
If only Christopher Nolan could direct Godzilla 2: King of the Monsters. What do you think?
m watching this just for harry.. #directioner
Royal Air Force Vs the Luftwaffe. In iMax. Yes hell yes.
HITLER DID NOTHING WRONG. OF COURSE THE COWARD BRITISH RAN AWAY!!!
I can't and won't stop hating on Harry fucking Styles because the world is a better place, not without him, but without his cranked up fans.
Who is harry styles????....
btf 1
fookin looks great
Harry Found at 0:46 ?????€????????€???
so harry looks hot
Me during this trailer "HAVE YOU SEEN MY SON?!?!"
1D FANS WHERE U AT
this takes place in dunkirk why did they film it in the nethearlds on urk ?
this movie looks soooo ducking awesome can't wait to see it!!
Vhuch
Drxg
Is the captain of the small boat supposed to be Charles Lightoller, who survived the Titanic?
A war movie where Americans aren't the main guys?
subscribe me I will subscribe you with three I'd .if you have subscribed pls reply then I can subscribe you
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz boring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hugly buchons... so much for historical accuracy.
"Harry is awesome at everything TBH
 You'll STOP hating on him...
 I know he is gonna do an AWESOME job !!
 Love you Hazzel"
Memento, The Prestige, The Dark Knight Trilogy, Inception, Interstellar... I could be wrong, but I really don't foresee an issue here. lol
Harry Styles ser???? su mejor debut y esperemos q lo haga b????en pero obviamente si Nolan lo representen libio es porque si
Psychological thrillers then superhero epics then sci-fi and now war thriller!! this guy is just awesome! <3
Battlefield 1 Remastered on PlayStation 5 is here! :P
Nice DLC for Battlefield 1, when do they release it?
lbr, everyone is here for Harry lmao
Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer and the soundtrack = EPIC .Gives me goosebumps!!
This cast is one hell of a sausage fest. Those of you who have been triggered, do your worst :)
Can someone tell me the song that starts at 1:29?
It's only when they make movies about these historical events is when people actually care
"sheesh!
 hasn't the world forgotten abt these hoary old incidents......over and done with before most people's GREAT-grand-parents were even born....."
"""Mountains"" with a heartbeat?





 If you get this I love you."
I can only imagine what people from this era went through.
cool
I can't wait.
juan Gabriel
Still waiting for Vincent Chase to appear as Aqua Man
Why The Thumbnail Look Like The Reverse Picture Of Battlefield 1 ;)
Trailer looks good but what about the movie
Can we talk about how good the background music for this trailer is? Take notes Assassins Creed.
Harry my baby
Looks great! When do we get a movie based on the true story of the Dieppe raid? The lessons learned that disastrous day helped the allies to victory on DDay
There were some black men in the British Army at this stage in this theatre Indian and African troops were in Middle and Far East, but thankfully not many as the Germans slaughtered the French Colonial Troops. Don't like these remakes something just doesn't look right? Not enough scale of the numbers of troops and ships including the little ships for me in the trailer. The film that hasn't and needs to be made for the historical spectacle of the biggest battle in naval history is Jutland! I think this remake would probably have been better if someone like Brannagh had directed it?
come for Tom
I don't know what the big fuss is about? Harry is a great actor he was great playing a terrible singer 10/10 great performance
Nice Movie Kharcha Kiya hai..
The Germans are once again the bad guys in another jewish propaganda movie, awesome! Thanks Hollywood. you're the best.
My only hope is that this movie remains truer to Nolan's first few (and best) films. Not another blockbuster, cash grab, Oscar bait fiasco like Interstellar.
This comment section is why i can't wait until Trump starts world war 3. :)
harry
What music 1:29
It's really fucking sad that a movie about true events where countless men have fought and died, teenage girls are saying "I'm watching this for Harry Styles" or people bitching that he's in the movie. This is simply a film showing what these men have gone through and the losses that had happened. Grow the fuck up already.
0:38 is it me or the shot where the sand falls on the soldier is just amazing?
I will honestly never understand the glorification of warfare in media, I mean even in certain games. It makes it seem in a sense "cool". BF1 as well the campaign is very cinematic. Makes everyone look a hero all that jazz. But at the end of the day all it really is, is a very idiotic time in humanities history, which for the most part is idiotic anyway
survival is a victory...that's all we should know about european armies in ww2
another war film Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz nasty evil chracterful nazis and the good allies it's gets boring.
0:56 is the reason why I come here for 237th time. Truly an intoxicating trailer.
"Bc let's let 1,000s of British and French troops escape that will win us the war". -Hitler
everyones gonna watch it just because harry styles is in it
we're all gonna need to start a new ice bucket challenge after seeing Harry in this
Christopher Nolan could film a brick wall and still make me cry.
omfg
you know a trailer is good when it gives you chills...
Am i the only one who freaking excited about this movie?
so pumped for this when i saw nolans name my eyes got so big
Call me +1 (403) 383-2718
The Dark Knight, Inception, Interestellar and more. The best director of this era.
i cant EVEN COMMENT ABOUT HARRY WITHOUT PEOPLE CALLING ME A LOWLIFE
Calling it now. Harry dies almost immediately ala killing off the leading lady in Psycho.
i love WW2 movies that explore the lesser known sides of it
MASYAALLAH BANG HARRY GANTENG BANGET 1!!1!!!AIDSNCRIVNIER
I think I saw tom hardy
I wonder how much of this is practical effects over CGI. Either way, looks interesting.
"uhm... isn't Christopher Nolan the same guy who directed Man of Steel and BvS:DoJ?

 Doesn't this worry anyone else?"
I was waiting for an At-At to come out a nowhere!
a movie with nolan would never go wrong, he is just too talented and dedicated in acting
Harry styles is the only reason im going to watch lol
"From Cristopher Nolan

 Thats the only thing needed for marketing"
Harry Edward Styles ?????€??€??????€????????€??€?
I'm going to watch this movie just because it's Christopher Nolan.
i will not watch this if harry styles is going to die in the movie!! ???????€?
The 5 minute prologue of this movie was AMAZING! The music just ratchets the tension up more and more. Crazy intense. This trailer was underwhelming, and strangely put together in my opinion. But after watching the opening scene, it feels like Christopher Nolan, while also feeling completely new and unexplored for him. I cannot wait!
harry!!! the most beautiful????????????????????????????????????????
Here's to hoping this is a good Ww2 film.
Harry ????????
For those who don't know, Dunkirk was the evacuation of 300,000 troops during ww2 that was a miracle on its own
annnnnnnd we hate again the german?
in Nolan we trust
"Am I the only one who is juste amazed by the music composed by one of the greatest of our times and luckily friend of Nolan Mister Hans Zimmer the great
 Come on tell me you didn't realize how great the theme was u fellows"
harold
What can I made next !!!!!Lets check it out my channel please!!!!!
ALL HAIL CHRISTOPHER NOLAN!
Hi Guys. Is this world war I or II?
I think it was smart to put Styles in the movie. I'm not really worried about his acting, I mean he got the part. Having him in Dunkirk will hopefully bring in a younger generation and newer audience.
I don't understand how people could dislike his video...haven't people learned, pretty much anything Christopher Nolan puts his hands to turns to gold!
#innolanwetrust
#YOSUP
People hating on Harry Styles for being in this movie. No one has ever seen him in a movie before so how can we say he may not be great? Every big actor had to have started somewhere, maybe this is where Harry's talents truely lie.
bullshit movie trailer 1 (HD)
I love history. Ffs I'm watching the shit out of this when it comes out.
Peeps, vanish Video truly sounds like deeply interesxipgrespondent
a darkness is coming
HAROLD!!!!
We're finally getting the long awaited prequel of Battle of Britain. it only took them like 40 years to make it.
Same exact music from interstellar, ok not exact but damn near, the Nolan style is starting to play out a lil, at least to me, plus it doesn't seem like it would work for a war biopic.
????????????????????? Harry ?????????????????????
I, a 1D fan, read a lot more comments complaining about how "teenage girls will only watch this because of harry styles" than actual "teenage girls" commenting they would be watching because of harry styles. Like wtf is your problem with that anyway?!
this is bullshit the germans let them live at Dunkirk, to make peace. This just more propoganda.
"roses are red
 violets are blue
 i came for harry so are you"
Me apesta el ojete
Who else was only trying to spot Harry in the trailer ???????€?????????€?
esse filme vai ser do caralho
Who came here for Harry????????€?
I love all of Christopher Nolan's movie. Interstellar is my most favourite one of course. I cannot wait to see this in the theatres.
some shameful casting, this version's going straight in the bin
FUCK. YES.
I SAWWW HARRYYY...MAAA BABYYY..?????????????€??€?
Another Jewish propaganda piece smh
All i said through the whole video is " where is harry "
Christopher Nolan movie? Seems like its gonna be a good Hollywood movie for once.
when christopher nolan makes a movie im not only excited for the movie itself but the soundtrack too beacause we all know its going to be amazing hanz zimmer is fantastic
Gonna wach this
I saw Christopher Nolan and I instantly clicked, that guy has yet to disappoint me.
Battlefield 1?
Should be a good movie...
What"s the songat 1:30
fucking Christopher Nolan making amazing emotional movies
Yay! Harry Edward Styles is in the trailer for Dunkirk!!!! It was amazing, great job guys!
"Stupid question,


 What's the song played in the background...?"
And nowadays we complain if it lags in our fps games
Omg, they have made a battlefield 1 movie :D
mark rylance, tom ardy, cillian murphy, spend 2.2 mill on the locations, lets spend more on a one direction member to promote a chritopher nolan film?
Where are french soldiers ?
I forgot to mention if another actor was in Harry's place that actor wouldn't get hate it's not fair.
if ur chris nolan........ no qusetion mark needed
dat looks funny
if u fink harry styles is shit in this u dnt no film
Looks dead morbid doesn't. Make something nice! Jesus!
I only came here to look for Harry and I can't find him
Wow the new battlefield 1 DLC looks great!
This is to the ones who are hating on my baby Harry. Shut the fuck up. Stop hating on him or I'll start hating on you. I'll give you taste of your own medicine if you hate on him. I can be mean so don't mess with me. Give Harry a chance he might became a good actor. I know he will become a great actor. You guys aren't giving him a chance. So could you please give him a chance? There isn't a reason to hate on him and us Directioners. I'm only watching the movie because of him that's the only reason why I have heard of the movie. And I am up for learning about the war in Dunkirk from watching the movie. Harry being in a war movie is good because it could lead Directioners into watching other war movies and other history movies. So could you guys do me a favor and stop hating on Harry? I want you guys to stop hating on him because us Directioners face hate a lot and we're tired of it.
great thinking. line the men up on the beach so that the planes can slaughter them like sheep.....
'A miracle of deliverance. Achieved by valour, by perseverance, by fervent discipline, by faultless service, by resource, by skill, by unconquerable fidelity.''
"And here you have it people! YouTube in a nutshell!
 A hellhole compiled of Nazi sympathizes and holocaust supporters/ deniers. Anti Jewish sentiment is rife, hatred of democracy and the west has never been higher, and Violent extremism in every form is celebrated and advertised."
Although people have their complaints, at least it's not another MURICA TRUCK YEAH movie like band of brothers, hacksaw ridge, etc. WW2 was more than US soldiers pointing guns at nazis. Why not a movie about the war between China and Japan?
ok so where's the trailer 2
1st plaze gut jab
"A small loan of 10 million subs!!! Help me get there

 Like for a free ps4!!!"
Im only watching it because Harry is in it
Harry omg ????????????????????????????????
I can't believe a few people are complaining of "spoiler alerts." How could they not know how World War II ends?
Offering track illustrate oral plus rent quality identical Jew except.
idk why im asking this in a video but what does a teacher mean when u got a decent mark??? in school
OMG ITS HARRY
Oh no! More propaganda to make look like the Brits were the good guy's when in fact they were serving the bankers.
Harry ???????????????????????????????????
Harry ta t????o lindooo???????????????
Harry styles ???????
Stuka's are my favourite planes during WW2.
"Nolan bhai , I am following you from the movie following.I bet this is gonna be a visual treat.
 waiting.................."
Hitler could have finished off the troops at Dunkirk but in his great mercy he let them escape. We should be grateful to him.
looks epic
Hey it's a quarter of the cast of Inception
Totally sexist and possibly transphobic. I did not see one woman in this entire trailer. It's 2016 ffs! BOYCOTT!
One of, if not the best director of our generation is making yet another movie, and all these kids can talk about is Harry fucking Styles? I suppose it's his fault for bringing in Harry's demographic. It's Christopher Nolan. His track record and mind's good enough for us to trust that he knows what's he doing. If this Harry guy wasn't capable, do you think he'd let him fuck with his legacy? Shit.. you'd think there'd be more important things to talk about, like this monumental historical WW2 event that it's based on. I reckon he's brought him in to attract all these idiots commenting into an education.
You people are all fucking inbred fucks, fuck you all.
If Harry's character dies in the movie I may leave the theater.
Brand New Congress 2018
1:55 ... i'm slightly torn between applauding Nolan's minimum CGi approach and wondering why did he pull a Michael Bay and use a really obvious modern destroyer to stand in for a WW2 destroyer.
Hacksaw what....?
HARRY IS KILLING IT
british invasion in hollywood.
Cant wait for the dog fights
If you want the Eastern Front war movies, I suggest you to watch Panfilovs 28
BOOM BEACH - THE MOVIE ???????€?
i love you Harry Styles ??????????????????
Germany let over 300.000 Brits leave Dunkirk because they wanted to try to obtain peace yet again with England who declared war on Germany.
Does this trailer feel lame to anyone else?
"I need three buckets of popcorn right now:
 1. For the movie
 2. For the comments
 3. For the gnome news nation"
air battles air battles air battles air battles mmmmm spits vs me109 bring it!
It's ok just war
0:32 pretty sure that's an actual sound effect from one of the planes.
It's got a great director/producer/writer in Christopher Nolan, great actors throughout and it's based on an important part of our history. I just hope that when people go to see it, they're not watching because of Harry Styles, and after watching it they take more away from it than "wasn't Harry cushy in his wet uniform"...
it's nice to see a WWII movie from the British perspective then from an American perspective
the only reason i know what dunkirk is is because of a game called heroes over europe... man i loved that game so much
Una pel????cula de verdad que rinde homenaje, si se????or
As a 22 year old Englishman the way the nation pulled together for Dunkirk is THE most notable reason I'm proud to be from Britain
Who's here for Christopher Nolan?
I saw Tom Hardy in there I'm watching this.
I love the color, can somebody find a LUT that might represent the colors of this movie?
1:39 bet y'all paused
who paused at 0:48 lol
BF 1 lied to me, wheres the 95% of the black dudes and 15% middle eastern guy
I'm gifting you ???€???250 to play Fantasy football on Dream11. Use code NAVON11QR or click http://d11.io/APve3V to register.http://d11.io/APve3V. Verify Your Details And Start Earning Today! if you dont believe me Search Google! it's Legit
Fucking Nazis, bombed a bloody medic ship
bulllshit ?????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???
tbh even if it didnt have Harry in it, it still looks intrresting
..and .. where is the french army ? :/
i trust christopher nolan he is a great producer, so he cast harry for a reason
Battlefield 1 movie.
I hope this movie will also give some credit to the bravery of the French Arm????e who delayed the Germans long enough for the BEF to escape. Without their sacrifice, the evacuation would not have succeeded.
wait battle of dunkirk was the one where the british saved like 2500 soldiers from german capture in france right
Dunkirk was one of Germany's biggest failures of the war even though technically it was a victory should has got britan out before it could mobilise the empire and the commonwealth
and today 18 years old need "safe spaces"
faith is stronger than hope misters
Look at this on eBay http://www.ebay.com/itm/272487527383 Check out this game on ebay .
This looks really amazing, but if it isn't accurate it's gonna ruin the whole thing
WW1 outfits but WW2 planes. And I don't think Germany ever attacked British land with planes. Unless they were U-boats, planes couldn't do that. Someone help me?
YOU GUYS! DONATE TO DANCEMBER TO FEED 50,000 KIDS! FIND OUT MORE ABOUT IT AND DONATE ON https://dancember.convoyofhope.org/
HARRY STYLES
"Vine compilation Thomas Sanders
 Witch: I curse you to never have children
 Parents: it's okay we will adopt
 Witch: I also change your wifi password
 Parents: Noooooooooooooo"
"The time for movies is passing away. These are the last days, if you are willing seek Jesus Christ. It is not His will that any perish but all repent to recieve eternal life. He is coming back soon to judge the world. Many people have recieved the same message, don't get caught unaware or lacking. Come to Him now if you are willing. Repent, turn from sin and seek His face. Walk with Him in repentance and relationship. He will give you His Holy Spirit. He will mold you into His image. Only those who resemble Jesus Christ will enter into His kingdom. You still have time to seek Him, use it wisely for the good of your eternity.

 I love you and God bless"
OF COURSE THEY WILL MAKE A MOVIE ABOUT THE BIRTISH DEFEAT AT DUNKIRK AND TURN IT AROUND AND MAKE IT LOOK LIKE A HONOURABLE AND AWESOME AND GOOD MOVIE. IN WHICH NOBODY GETS EDUCATED ABOUT THE ACTUAL FACTS. BRITAIN DECLARED WAR ON GERMANY AND NOT THE OTHER WAY AROUND. FRANCE DECLARED WAR ON GERMANY AND NOT THE OTHER WAY AROUND. THEY HAVE BEEN DEFEATED ON CONTINENTAL EUROPE AND THEY MAKE A MOVIE IN WHICH GERMANS ARE STILL THE AGGRESSORS, FUCK YOU. NO BETTER THAN ''FURY''.
Harry Edward styles????????????????????????
Harreeeehhhhhhhhhh????????????????????????
Can I get a movie about the Eastern Front that isn't "enemy at the gates" levels of bad and told from a Soviet perspective? "Stalingrad" fulfilled my wish to see a movie about the German side, but I've yet to see on about the Soviets that isn't horribly inaccurate
"I am quite a liberal guy, and I think it will be quite good for young girls to come see this movie just because of Harry Styles, they might learn that if it wasn't for these men and boys they wouldn't have they wouldn't have the freedom to love Harry Styles.
 BUT.... If some little girl screams in the cinema when Harry is killed (he does), I will stand up, walk over to her and give good slap across the jaw for disrespecting the men and boys who died for our freedom

 By all means, go and see a movie for a certain ""actor"", you may learn something, but if you disrespect the men and boys who dies for our freedom then expect a slap to the jaw.

 I will happily/easily take a 6 month sentence"
as soon as I heard music playing 1:30, i'm assuming hans zimmer composed music for this movie, correct?
I like how there ar comments about ranting about Christoper Nolan, 1 Direction, Harry Styles. While, I'm here just thinking could this movie be historical accurate? How does it compare to other WWII movies? I love War movies dont care who stars in them just live if it is funny and historical accurate.
"I am personally only going to watch this movie so I can flick my bean to Harry Styles. He's so dreamy.







 No, I am just joking. I don't even know which one he is. And I don't have a bean to flick..."
Bf1
I am a One Direction fan, but I wanna see this movie bc it's Christopher Nolan and I've never been disappointed by him. People are hating on Harry for being in this, but obviously Nolan chose him bc he has some talent other than singing. And stop talking about "little girls" seeing this just for him. Sure some people do, but also the fact that people call us little kids is downright annoying. We ARE allowed to watch a damn movie. In my opinion, they make mostly good music, but that totally has nothing to do with Harry's ability to act.
9 million views in 2 days!! Im very hyped about this movie guys! Im ready to learn and get an insight at the same time! Also looking forward to see harry
Has Chris Nolan ever made a non-fiction film.
Nossa que fotografia linda!!!
It took my attention the moment i read Christopher nolan ?????????????????
I'm actually excited for this movie, not only because it's Harry's acting debut, but because Christopher Nalon's movies are some of the greatest. (:
THIS IS ONLY #9 ON TRANDING COS OF MY HAZZA TBH
more shit by Hollywood. make sure our children become soldiers for them.
I will cry tears of joy if there is real dogfighting in this film. I almost cried at the end of the trailer. The air combat effects look amazing.
is it Thomas Shelby from peaky blinders?
christopher nolan and harry styles ok i'm gonna go see this when it's out
this is my most hyped movie, I can't wait
"i've studied ww1, and ww2,

 extensively.

 my own personal opinion.

 fucking pawns.
 nothing more."
guess what movie im gonna see in opening day.
"Franchement moi qui habite a Dunkerque
 On ne reconna????t pas du tout la ville"
Pals Omg foreign I think really sweet% deeply :c
its filmed in the Netherlands THOUGH
sponsored by battlefield 1
who came here just for Harry styles?
No matter how much I love Chris Nolan the title 'The next Stanley Kubrick' belongs to Denis Villeneuve
OMG
what the fuck is dunkirk
Best of the best filmmaker of our era
watch Dunkirk win an Academy Award for Best Picture
Am I the only one here who don't konw who Harry Styles is and don't give a shit ?
You fucking kidding me? it's 2016. anyone else thinks this movie is racist? no blacks?
Nolan making another award winning movie I'm not surprised
Battlefield 1 BITCHES
what's the song at the end?
it's going to be a massive hit. Nolan's movies are always good . and the cast is also very good . we have Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance, Harry Styles etc.
it's going to be a massive hit. Nolan's movies are always good . and the cast is also very good . we have Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance, Harry Styles etc.
"Where's Christian Bale? Gary Oldman? Leo?
 #TypicalDirectorCastRehiring"
Cannot wait to see this film! Britain's men, duty-bound to assist their French allies, sailed across the sea from their homeland to meet the full might of the Nazi war machine, were surrounded on the beaches, and extricated by little boats and their plucky skippers to fight another day. This has the potential to be a British war movie to rank up there with the best. I am delighted that Christopher Nolan would honour our forefathers by making such a film.
pattern perfect moon self meaning.
Fucking Nazis
???????????? Christopher Nolan, another masterpiece
hmmmm all the soldiers need to look as if they have smoke 100 packets of cigarettes.
.... For a moment I thought this was going to be something different then another survival war type movie.. Nope I was wrong
Is that a Spanish built HA-112 I spotted filling in for what should be a Bf 109E? I sure hope that Nolan paid better attention to detail than that.
No one cares that you don't like Harry Styles, it's a movie. Anyone can watch it, you like him or you don't. I personally think it's going to be a good movie, and another reason I'm excited to see it is because of Harry. It shouldn't matter if you don't like him or whatever, just watch the freaking movie.
Aw shit harry looks so goood
"who is also here for Harry?
 where are my directioners??????€????????€???"
so many people are shitting on one direction fans saying theyre just young girls here for harry styles. personally i am i fan, but i am also here for the concept behind this movie. some fans are probably younger and less educated, seeing as they dont understand what happened during WWII, but let them be!! so what if theyre here for a singer?? maybe theyll learn to appreciate this war and the people who fought in it.
i'm watching this for Christopher Nolan Cillian Morphy Hans Zimmer and Harry Styles .. many talented people in here can't wait
ww2 or ww1?
More Tom Hardy...please. X
The music in Nolans films will always send chills down the spine, will never disappoint
this has a peaky blinders feels to it
Honestly I love war movies and love One Direction. At first I didn't know Harry was in this movie and I still wanted to watch it. I know that if most of you saw your favourite singer or actor/actress in a movie then you would want to go see that movie.
"Stuka Misses Strafing Run On Harry

 MISSION FAILED, WE'LL GET EM' NEXT TIME"
Why? Why, Christopher, why use the wrong Bf 109s. Yes, I know they used these HA-1112 in the "Battle of Britain" movie, and you thought you'd pay homage, but this movie was filmed in 69!
HARRYYYY
Some reason i did not like it
I'm a fan of 1d and I've wanted to watch this film when I found out that it was being made, before I even knew about Harry being apart of it. Harry acting in it is just a bonus for me; one of my favorite idols being apart of a film about one of my favorite topics. I agree that someone shouldn't watch it just because and big star is in it, but for the story of the film is about. But him being apart of it will have and young generation wanting to watch it. Most likely some fans that go to watch don't like history all that much, or don't find very interesting. But with a star they look up to, it could get them to be more interested in the history of Dunkirk and WWII. I mean anyone can watch it for what ever reason they want, but no one should be hating the fact that there are 1d fans out there going watching the film because Harry is in it. If anything you're hating on the fact that there are fans going out to support Harry and his acting career (and learning about Dunkirk at the same time), and there is nothing wrong with them doing that. We all want to watch it for different reasons and there's nothing wrong someone wanting to do the same thing as you, for a different reasons. So, please, just stop hating on something as little as wanting to watch a movie. (not saying Dunkirk is not a big deal, it's a big part of our history that everyone deserves to know and learn about.)
Harry styles... no like movie
"(Me) watches trailer : is that Harry Styles ....

 scroll through comments:
 .....i knew it !"
Got back from watching Rouge One in IMAX they showed the first 5 minutes of this movie oh man I can't wait Christopher Nolan making yet another good film.
Oi that's the guy from peaky blinders
wow, a Dunkirk movie without French army, are they gonna do next a movie about Omaha Beach without Americans?
harry -
Oueee Dunkerque !
That hans zimmer soundtrack is mesmerizing
Nolan has a great eye for actors so even though his music is shit Harry will probably be a good actor
Didnt care until i saw "Christopher Nolan"....well i guess i could pencil in a date night
"hollywood vs nolan
  ......i wud say nolan"
The greatest generation to ever live. Now we have 18 year olds who need safe places due to offensive words...
"Hey guys I make BIKINI MODEL shoot videos, GYM MOTIVATION videos and Makeup Tutorials! ???????€?????????
 SUBSCRIBE to me because you don't wanna kiss any of those! ???????????€??€?

 uploading as soon as I reach 500 subs ????????"
Finally, a film about world war 2 that isn't American propaganda.
Great trailer
Yo this Battlefield 1 dlc looks lit
Epic trailer.
I couldn't stop smiling throughout the whole video lol. I'm here because I love Harry and because I love movies like these since my dad got me hooked on them.
yasss harry ilysm i know ur gonna be amazing in this film xD
Should be ashamed to make a film about the flight of his army (I'm from Russia)
Harry Styles ducked for most of this
Passt ja nach der Schande des Brexit's sollte 2017 der britische Nationalstolz wieder aufpoliert werden. ???????€? oder wird da schon der Brexit verfilmt. ????????
This film won't get snubbed by the academy..... long overdue recognition
So that's it, huh? We're some kind of Dunkirk squad?
Cillian Murphy ????????
Wow, a movie about the world's greatest retreat. How British.
Way too much hype. The event that shaped our world? Hardly. The British did very little to contribute to a victory in Europe besides merely staying alive but punchdrunk early on. Without the US and especially the USSR, Germany wins WWII without much sweat.
Wow a battlefield 1 movie
I hope it's historically accurate
Christopher Nolan is going to kill Harry Styles in the film.
Xbox one is better than playstation 4 boys. Get on my level.
MY BOOOOOO!!!!! i will watch this just to see harry
Nolan is love, Nolan is life!
Battlefield 1 : The Movie
I hope to god that there won't be 12 year old girls in the theatre
????????Take a little walk to the edge of town, go across the tracks... Where the viaduct looms like a bird of doom, as it shifts, and cracks...????????
que lindo que es Harry Styles la puta madre. estoy tan orgullosa de el
SUBSCRIBE TO ME AND ILL SUB BACK WITH 15 ACCOUNTS. COMMENT WHEN DONE
Can't wait to watch the prequel to Peaky Blinders
wow niezly film ciekawe czy bedzie pokazane jak anglicy rozszyfrowali enigme
I swear to god, if the teenager girls will scream in theater, i will go after every one of them!
Is this a remake of the 1958 film?
Doomsday right ?
Harry OMG
I'm so exited,I love world war films?????????
Me da risa lo inmaduro que son las personas que se quejan al ver que las directioners vienen a apoyar a Harry, diciendo que son unas tontas fangirls cuando tambi????n se quejan diciendo que no conocen a un tal Christopher Nolan o c????mo sea, que tambi????n son fans de ese wey y se vienen a quejar de las pobres chavitas que ni en pedo con ellos. Ustedes vayan a apoyar a su actor favorito y dejen de estar como est????pidos discutiendo. Yo pienso que Harry har???? muy bien en la pel????cula porque por algo lo pusieron, mejor informense antes de comenzar a decirle que es un mal actor cuando nunca lo han visto actuar, dejen de joder.
the're only survive because Hitler let them,he gave the Order to stop! This movie is nonsense
Is this the battlefield 1 movie they were talking about
Great but how many screaming teenage girls will be in the theater
Dunkirk was a desaster, yet this movie seems to portray it as a victory? Okay...
1:48 thats a big plane.
just here to see HARRY
yoooo IM VV EXCITED!!
guarantee you nobody in the U.S. is going to see this because it's about the British effort during the war ad won't give the Yanks an opportunity to jerk themselves off to how they;re so much more ''free'' and ''awesome'' than everyone else
AJAJSJSJJWWKKQMW HARRY STYLES!!!!! SJJSKWNWOWMWKSM?????????????????????????????€????????????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????????????€????????????????€??€??????????????€??€??????????????€??€??????????????????????€????????????????€???????????????????????????????????????????????????
"One of the LAMEST trailers I have ever seen.
 Christopher Nolan? And then, such a shit trailer? So much fail!"
Now it's rapefugees instead of british soldiers
Harryyyy
Am I the only one that's excited it's a world war film
I AM SO FRIGGIN PUMPED FOR THIS
"We have defeated the wrong enemy" - George S. Patton
for this stupid film my hazza cuted his hair :'( I'm dead w him
Battlefield! is this a new trailer?
friends you want to earn money without investment per day 500 and more then come on to champcash referal code is 4586466 its a genuine app friends try to do it
I don't have any idea of who's Harry Styles was before I read this fucking comments... fuck him... love Nolan!
I'm surprised by the amount of racial slurs and race debates in the comment sections. There must be a lot of Americans watching if the only thing they care about is "n*ggers not being in the movie".
I get goosebumps all over my body...
More anti German propaganda.
"The French held off the German attacks at dunkirk with rearguard actions but of course they will never been mentioned. Churchill praised them. The German generals recognised their sacrifice there.
 But France is never worth to be mentioned in British or American movies, only to make them look stupid or defeated"
I thought this movie was gonna be about the legendary French battleship....
WWII movie + Nolan + Tom Hardy = GET HYPE!!!!!
"-I can practically see it from here.
 -What?
 -Oscars, there's no hiding from this, son."
0:48 IS THAT HARRY STYLES?!
Who the fuck is Harry styles? This movie looks like shit
Where is District 10?
if harry dies in the movie i dont know what im going to do with my life. i may cry. <3
"My Grans dad died in this when she was 6
 He was a normal member of a crew ship which normally did entertainment but when they found out about the people on the beach who were stranded the ship was used to collect men from that beach and take them home. They rescued a boat load and then went back for more but hit a explosive in the water which blew up part of the ship and his legs were blown off. His friends dragged him onto a lifeboat but he lost too much blood and died. They had to chuck his body overboard to save room on the lifeboat. Years and years later when they went back for the Anchor of the boat from his ship they found his wallet which was in surprisingly good condition and returned it to my Gran. She lost her dad at 6 years old and was told through a letter in the post. This was very real and involved many people, not just the soldiers who bravely fought at the front line, but the people who helped from behind and didn't get recognition. I hope this film does it justice."
This looks amazing... Hopefully they haven't historically fucked it up
Subscribe to our channel
really summer 2017.... I fkng hate trailers.
ww1 or ww2 which is it?
I never knew or noticed harry styles was in the movie
I would of never come across this movie if it weren't for Harry styles being in it to be totally honest but after looking at the trailer I honestly think it's going to be a great movie and one that will stir up my emotions a lot I bet. I'll make sure to look up the history behind it so I can be more informed on what it is really about. I don't know why a lot of people are bothered by the fact that Harry is in the movie???
I want to see Harry's acting styles
looks amazing. Christopher Nolan films never disappoint
ww1 or ww2 wtff
so bored of the brits and their obsession for war...so bored
Have always loved Christopher Nolan's stuff since The Dark Knight Trilogy; this reconfirms it once again
So, Tom Hardy as Bane again? 10/10 will watch
Isn't that harry styles I just saw
Bf1 looks so real
WHERE ARE THE FRENCH?
"If you guys don't know who Christopher Nolan than you're oblivious . He's done every Batman movie since 2005, Man of Steele, Inception, Insomia , Interstellar and shall I say more . he's not your ""B"" rated director and he doesn't do ""B"" rated films .
  Very good director!!"
The terrible thing about the modern film industry is the fact that adverts are released a year before the film. It may hype the aduiance up but it is annoying as all hell
Spoiler..........The Germans win.
of course when bf1 released other games and movies immediately now focus on ww1... lemmings really
Boooooooooooooooooooooring
harry????????
my eyes are blessed.
In a post-truth world, a timely reminder for the so called 'developed' nations of their responsibilities.
"""No one cared who I was till I put on the mask.""
 ""Crashing this plane... with no survivors!""

 BRAVO NOLAN"
omfg ????????????????????????????????harry my babe ly????????????????????????????????????????????
Gott Strafe England!
Harry fans didn't ruin this comment section, it was the retards who seem to have a problem with Harry encouraging young fans to watch the movie.
Another war movie....
My all dear friends agr free m bina investment k 40000/ month kamana chate hoto plz send me msg on my whatsapp tesx me JOB
"The clock is ticking mein little Tommy! Stukas and Messerschmits shall erase everything das ist precious to you!!!

 JAJAJA!!"
HARRRYYYYYY
After Hacksaw ridge and Andrew Garfield, a new Nolan Movie with Harry Styles :DD
no lack of old british men but where's michael caine? movie will flop without him.
Can someone explain this movie is of which war?
From a realism standpoint the planes in this trailer would not be making that noise. That sound is a Jericho trumpet used strictly on the Stuka family of German aircraft. The one at 0:37 looks like a Stuka but I can't really tell if it has fixed landing gear or not. Stukas did have fixed landing gear and that is where the Jericho trumpets were mounted.
What highlighter is harry wearing id like to know thanks
????????????????????????????????????????? ???? ???€????????????? ???????????????? ????????????????????????????????€????? ???€?????????????????€? ???????????????????????????€? ???????????? ????????????????????????€?????????????????????
fatties and fatheads everywhere
I don't know about history, BT I'm gonna watch it just for Harry styles. Anyone else?
battlefield 1 new dlc confirmed
Is this the new Battlefield 1 Dlc ?
I feel that this will be a great movie! excited to see Harry on big screen..????????????????????????
Dunkirk sounds like shit
This looks so good!! The cinematography is amazing is similar too flags of our father's or saving private ryan. I love the feeling that I got after just watching a few seconds it made me want more. Also I am a huge history buff so this movie is right up my alley.
"The Beaches are too clean/tidy, the men's uniforms= too clean...the planes: too clean: the trucks crisp clean.
 How difficult is it for a scene director to get the settings right ??"
I hope they mention the 70k french troops stalling the german advance.
N. 4 tra le tedenze di youtube (italiano).... ???? in americano...
is it bad to hope this will be rated r?
Amazing video, listen I only have like a hundred subscribers and I need as many subscribers as I can get to boost my career, will some of you please come subscribe to my page, when I reach at least 300 I will start releasing music videos and all types of things, have a beautiful day. Elias Official
El grito que di cuando vi a Kenneth Branagh debe haberse escuchado hasta en Inglaterra. ????Ya quiero ver esta pel????cula!
Oooooohhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! I'm as body as a little school girl! I loved learning about this battle! I can't wait for the movie to come out.
"Also, TOM HARDY AS A WWII PILOT?

 YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAH!"
You telling me C. Nolan (my favourite director) made a movie with Cillian and Tom in it (my favourite actors) umm YES PLEASE
what the fuck what kind off trailer it is???? i mean i couldnt see harry properly
The movie looks reasonable besides a handful of technical nitpicks and the complete absence of the French in FRANCE. Before the "heh, surrender monkeys" idiots jump me, the French were the ones holding the rear guard to even make the Dunkirk Evacuation possible. Some French were also evacuated along with the British, so there should be several of them milling about the beach at least. I hold out hope though. Christopher Nolan is a pretty good director. At the very least there will be plenty of great practical effects.
is this music coming from the new score or where is the music from? anybody knows?
I am going to watch this at least once per day every day until the film comes out.
Looks fukn dumb
Who the hell is Harry Styles and why are people talking about him instead of the glimpse we got at an epic masterpiece in the making?
HARRYYYYY STYLEEES SE PRENDIO ESTA MIERDAA!!!
Tom hardy is back
Maragret Thatcher's and Boris Johnson's fears that Germany was about to establish a "Fourth Reich" - Britain's vote for the Brexit - and now this film. It's 2016 now, not "1940 and all that". If you don't believe it, have at look at your calendar.
Harryyyyyyy
Damn Peaky Blinders season 4
Shut up and take my money
I don't give a fuck if Harry styles is in the movie. It's Christopher Nolan's movie. and whatever he do will be just fucking awesome.
nice trailer ?????€???
"[SPOILER]
 americans will win as always. one soldier will kill 1005000 german soldiers as always
 [/SPOILER]"
I can't wait for this movie!!! literally two of my favorite things(History and Harry)are in this and I can't wait!!
Give me more harry styles bitch
"Not a single Indian face in the trailer..
 Sure as hell it is going to be historically inaccurate"
star tv. dizi yuksek sosyete
awesome ?????€???
"Now I call the director.
 CHRISTOPHER SPIELBERG."
Another dope ass soundtrack.
*IF NOLAN MAKES A MOVIE WITH A BEE AS LEADROLE, EVEN THAT CREATS HISTORY . LOVE YOU NOLAN *
What's this movie about
Harry Styles
battlefield 2 2018
All the good movies are coming out in the summer
I just want to see Bane fly a spitfire
Cillian Murphey, Tom Hardy, John Mills, Kenneth Branagh and...Harry Styles....well I gotta say I'm skeptical. Hope he does good but I'm not sure.
July 21st!? damn a dunkirk game can be made in between all this time!
inb4 sjw complain not enough minorities in film or women
ZAYN MALIK THE BEST THAT ALL MENBERS OF DUNKIRK :D
i dont feel ok to make "cool" sounds about this war movie while syrian people are dying NOW
CAN WE MAKE THE 1000 SUBSCRIBERS WITHOUT ONE VIDEO? COME AND SUBSCRIBE :D
Finally. A film that looks gritty, meaningful, accurate and awesome.
https://twitter.com/OPSVeracity/status/809818654065848320
no michael caine?thats strange..
war is all ways so sad! nobody wins in a war!death all around!
please see my last video
FUCK YEAH CILLIAN MURPHY AND TOM HARDY
just a boring award art movie
Battlefield 1 Film XD
jy????tli monvi
the one direction jokes are getting old, just let the guy fucking act in peace jfc
cod mw4
Lmao everyone is freaking out about Harry styles and I didn't even notice him till I read the comments Honestly I'm here for Cillian Murphy, what a babe
Se me llega a morir el Jarry me muro wee ahre no xdxd un osacar porfavor <3
For one second i Think that was trailer of Battlefield1
I guess this vid is trending bcoz of Harry styles?????????
gake and Fay
I nearly cried when Harry drowned. Not because I'm a directioner but because it made me think of thousands of men who died thinking, This is it. My wife my family. There Gone.
"-The ennemy tank have stoped.
 -Why ?


 Maybe because they was fighting against French soldiers who are saving your ass ?!"
"Mi Hazza!!!!!!
 estoy tan orgullosa de el !!!! ?????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?"
looks lame
I remember learning about this event. It's a pretty amazing feat.
the batman series .
"This trailer starts out with the question: ""Why have the enemy tanks
 stopped?"" The historical answer is because Hitler ordered them to stop
 because he needed to assert his political authority over the German
 generals & Field marshals. The Panzers could not move an inch
 without HItler's personal approval. So the reason that British soldiers
 escaped France is that Hitler let them go. He obviously felt his own
 generals were more of a threat to him than the beaten UK expeditionary
 force could ever be."
the annual bullshit propaganda film to romanticize war
So that's what bane looked like before he put on the mask
Well if it isn't Harry Styles :)
Fuck off Harry...
wars aren't won from evacuations Winston Churchill
All the directioners under 18 will be piss if this was Rated R
2 g????nde 9milyonmu ne gevur bi filmki 2 g????nde 9k
I remember about studying Dunkirk like it was yesterday
Hello my name is: Ho Lee Schit
I love Great Britain and I like the ww2 British history
I really can't wait to watch this, it looks amazing. I don't think I've ever actually watched any Christopher Nolan films but I'm excited this. Admittedly though, I paused and stared at Harry for a few seconds too long haha
wow !! :)
I'm already crying.
If there is no music from Hans Zimmer I will be disappointed
In Nolan, we all trust!!
hdui
Cillian Murphy said Harry is talented, besides we know Nolan; So what's your problem?
I thought this was a new videogamedunkey video.
harry :)
When you only wanna watch this movie because Harry's in it..
All of these people saying it looks like a 'great movie' when they have no idea what happened in WW2 at all.
finally from a god himself, nolan
Part Time Home Based Job*Without Any Investment*100% Free*Not Joining Fees*Not Any Risk*Every One Doning Part/Full Time*Now Begin And Till Now 90 Lakh Users*Very Easy And Soft workIf you Are Like Join This So write "JOIN ME" And Send WhatsappContact (+91)-70638-29619
finally from a god himself, nolan
R u looking for any part time job then I had a platform for u.For that download champcash app enter your details and a refer id 7226249.Then complete a challenge asked.Note:-its all without any investment.Thank q happy earningIf u r interested message me to my whatsapp number 7680072096
the soundtrack gave me chills....????????!!!!
INDIANS CHEAK OUT MY CHANNEL YOU WOULD DEFINITILY FELL PROUD
Who the hell is Hair E. Staeelz?
Christopher Nolan always does masterpieces
Looks boring
subscribe!!
Peaky Blinders prequel ???????€????????€?
For all of you complaining about Harry Styles: shut the hell up. we get it, you don't like him. but if anything his presence in this movie will get younger generations to watch it and realise how lucky they are. Yes, we know it's not all about Harry Styles, but lighten the hell up! we, as his fans, are proud of him? are we not allowed to voice that? there are those very very very few fans that go over the top but people only focus on those people as a way to hate on something, jesus. I didn't know this movie was going to exist but because of Harry I was happily informed and I am very excited to be educated on the world's history, but also excited to see someone I've loved move up from his current position and take another step.
go watch my new vid
when you set the graphics to ultra on BF1
HARRY
There is no glory in war
It's a Nolan film, of course I'll watch it
Some are so funny. Talk others are immature but they are immature themselves. Harry's fans excited for Harry's role, same as Nolan's fans excited for his movie, Tom Hardy's fans excited for his role ..., so what ? Because they are a lot, and your comment sink among them so you feel annoying ??? So ridiculous. At least they show the positive and support, and they will go to to see this film. Thank for them, now this trailer is top on trending, not saying was all over twitter, fb , insta ... They don't know about history ? Then how many of people here know clearly about it or also wiki search after Nolan's project announcement ? But doesn't matter, they are not lying or show as they know about it as some did, but they will go to see this movie and know about the history later, and enjoy the movie, while some haters didn't show the support but just want someone fall down. Not saying Harry's fans raised money and restored a ship in Dunkirk because of this movie. Can you do like them? Can you be useful like them ? Oh, I forget some even assume that Harry's fans will scream on the theater, or only focus on Harry scene. Those haters are so underrated Nolan and his movie.
THOMAS SHELBY <3 <3
ENTONCES, HARRY MUERE? :'v
guys i need some help. my gf broke up with me. and i dont know what to do. i feel broken.
So many people look at such films, and yet so many people want war in Russia, Syria or Afghanistan. Apparently people are not capable of learning.
0 - 2000 subs real quick help me thank you
Omg harry looks great
ITS MY BIRTHDAY, MY MOM SAID IF I GET 10 SUBRSCRIBERS, SHE WOULD GET ME A CAKE
sbn studies in the word
Where is Hitler Lol
0:47 wow the modern cranes?!?!!?
tbh im only here for harry
Harry Styles is here!
nice
Back when Europe was powerful & white. Now look at this islamic shithole
thats epic. im gunna cry if Harry's character dies though
I'll watch this cuz of Nolan.. i never doubt him
When is the release?
I swear if any 1d fan girls scream every time harry styles appears on screen I will whip out my dick and stick it in all their mouths.
ggUdfudd
"Gfhxfgfsrdyfeuffwsttftdytfdytfurdesstfsrzhxgfjgffddfgcghfhjggfgurryeydddfgfhxdgggsrfrtftgserrtweteersr
 sdr???€?ffrtg
  cgfffuyty
 dfgffddgfgg
 tfxgrreuefredfdfdgdtffdfxffsftgdd
 rfddbew wgcdgdrdevsfdjdddcgfczhczvxhxxxxxzx fuddyheerrevjvjvjvjiojbjbnhxgxgyxxxxddzdczfddbddcdhhdssczdtd

 .Dufgz
 ddffbmv
 rrr
 dd
 dhzsgzzhzsgxxdffffdshsssgrhbghjvvb xchssxc"
don't care for the styles kid, I'm excited because Tom Hardy is in this.
most eagerly waiting....into one more Dream
There's all the Directioners in the comments section excited about Harry Styles being in the movie and although I am a Directioner myself and before watching this trailer I was only going to watch this film for Harry Styles, after watching this trailer that isn't the case. I want to watch this movie because it seems like a really good movie. Sure, Harry's in it, but that isn't the main purpose of the movie. I don't know a lot about the movie just yet, but I'm guessing it might be a bit educational, considering it is about World War 2 (I think it's about the second one, if I'm wrong please correct me). Can't wait to see the full movie, or even the second trailer! ???????
0:50 is that guy drowning himself?
"EARN MORE THAN 15K AND UPTO 3CR PRMONTh BY WORKING 1HR DAILY..
 DOWNLOAD CHAMP CASH APP AND START EARNING
 REFER ID 9115205
 FOR DOUBTS WHATSAPP 7095694353"
Nolan is my fav modern director. I adore his films. I wish he didn't cast that celebrity kid. More hype about that than the fact it is a NOLAN film about WW2
imagine if harry get an oscar for his acting ... i think leo dicaprio will burn every tree he planted
If right after I saw the trailer for The Dark Knight Rises I was told that Harry Styles would play a part in Nolan's first epic war flick, I would have told them to go fuck themselves. But Nolan is known for surprising the shit out of everyone, so I can expect anything from this movie. Actually, now, more than ever Christopher Nolan should make a snuff film... just sayin'
I never heard about the battle of dunkirk. But it looks pretty self explanatory.
reminds me of pirates of caraibian
Hes going back to Dunkirk?! THANKs FOR THE SPOILER!
"Key facts about the true story

 Dunkirk evacuation code-named Operation Dynamo, which took its name from the dynamo room that provided electricity in the naval headquarters below Dover Castle, where Vice Admiral Bertram Ramsay planned the operation.

 Real 1st watershed of the war leading to german final defeat : with BEF crushing, UK had no chance to stop invasion and would probably had to ask Armistice, even with Churchill????????s incredible willingness to fight.

 3 main causes of this ???????miracle of Dunkerque??????? that saved UK (and so finally ???????shaped our world??????? as the trailer says) :

 - Haltbefehl : astonishing german decision to halt their Panzers Divisions on 24 May, at the moment they were about to crush Allies in Dunkerque quite easily. To explain this first huge german mistake, majority of historians now agree to say it came from Rundstedt????????s /Hitler????????s fear to loose precious Panzers for the last phase of the battle, Fall Rot ??????€? crushing of remaining French forces in the south, combined to Goering????????s boastfulness who claimed his Luftwaffe was sufficient to stop the evacuation. Alternative theory based on so-called Hitler????????s indulgence for England seems to be post-rationalization for his fatal mistake.

 - Hero????sm of RAF & Allies???????? fleet, mainly British, who managed to evacuate 338 000 soldiers on 400 000, vs 45 000 only expected to be saved at the beginning. Role of Dutch coasters, which saved 23 000 men, must be mentioned.

 - Often forgotten sacrifice (probably not evoked in the movie) of 30 000 french soldiers of 7th Army, who defended Dunkerque????????s perimeter and so managed to cover evacuation, despite hopeless outnumber - around 1 vs 10 ratio.


 ////Anyway good news to see for once a big movie produced by a big American studio, about WWII warfare not involving US (War didn????????t start with Pearl Harbor!)"
http://www.gofundme.com/348ghj4
Giving zero shits about harry styles but this movie had me at chistopher nolan
Looks great however I'd like to see a movie with a German perspective.
Harry!!!!!
Another propaganda movie to glorify the British ....
Ok, Who the fuck is Harry Styles? Why are people so excited about him?
my buddy auke plays in this movie give this comment a like cus he's gay and so people may know that gay people will be great soldiers too
This looks like a good fucking movie
HARRYYYYYYY
"The British are coming,the British are coming."
Harry fucking Styles is in this movie?.. for fuck sakes.. i was excited for it
"I mean my 3 fav things
 war history
 Christopher Nolan
  Harry Styles"
do you all know what happend after war.thousands of girls of the defeated countries were brutally raped and tortured.whereas german soldiers were ordered not to rape any girl
"I don't know but, I don't know why Christopher Nolan And Dramatic World War 1 or 2 movies are not a Match in my perspective. and even that Harry Styles ... thing.
 I ain't gonna judge until I see it cause Christopher Nolan can't make a bad film."
???€? ???€? ???€? ???€??€????€? ???€? ???€?
I'm not here just because of Harry, but please tell me he won't die at the movie.
Yes Christopher Nolan!!
Love from India Nolan Sir respect You i saw Ur inception, Interstaller, Dark Night Triology I hope this will too Rock the Hollywood cinema????????
This looks better than gta v
french army is not represent?
I couldn't care less that harry is in the film, I don't like him, I don't hate him. Hopefully he does a good job ?????€???
i can hear a Stuka... there is no stuka. only messerschmidt.
lol who's Harry I'm going for Tom Hardy
its a movie not a song so we are here for NOLAN
Is Harry now going into acting or ?
Peaky Blinders anyone?
look like a flop for me!!
Who da fook is dat guy?
yawn
Wie soll ich den film den ernst nehmen wenn da einer von one direction mitspielt oder t????usch ich mich
This...is gonna be AMAZING!
More anti-nazi propaganda
Goddammit harry!
the score sounds amazing!
God is back with another movie ...
I would very much like to watch this.
I love Christopher Nolan. but Dunkirk was not an event that changed the world or war at the time. it was by British stupidity that they got 500,000 of their own men stranded on that beach waiting for rescue and they had abandoned all of their equipment while retreating
Batllefield 1 in movie
battlefield 1 LOL
waoooo his movie look good, i dont like war movies but maybe this one
All the people who disliked must oppose war, but they wouldn't be where they are now if it didn't happen.
Yup. I got the deep feeling that I'm going to cry when I watch this. Thank you Veterans for your service and sacrifice!!
Nice Trailer
Name of song at 1.30 ?
Heu , ????a a l'air cool mais pourquoi quand ils d????barque il y a que des avion pour d????fendre ?
aewum movie
wheres wonderwoman?
Rest in peace.... This film will be as EPIC as EPIC gets....
Finally a movie about brave germans defending they're homeland from foreign invaders.
loved it
???????????????????€????????€??????????
wohhh
following the foot steps of Stanley Kubrick.
HELP ME GET TO 10,000 SUBS WITHOUT ANY VIDEOS!!!
"PLEAAAAASE ! BY THE GRACE OF GOD !!!

 You MUST talk about the french army who lost 30 000 soldiers to protecting Dunkirk and the retrait of the britsh expeditionary force.
 Don't be like Edward Zwick who decided to change History ( The last samurai was a french soldier). And sry for my english. A frog."
https://oneplusstore.in/december?_act_referrer=20448416
I'm a simple girl. I see Tom Hardy, I click like.
if its shon IMAX 70mm, its technically 18k resolution right?
I know Nolan is a good director, but for the life of me I can't figure out why he had Me 109's making the same noise in straight and level flight that a Ju 87 did during a dive. Am I right people?!
100% watching this. love war films and nolan. the trailer was a bit too long though..
Subscribe my channel for getting latest lyrics videos and gameplays
love the music in the end!
I don't know that much..but I m kinda feeling for soldiers...like how much they go through just for the country!
Wow this Battlefield is goin' to be great <3
hope is a weapon
Maybe its good that a movie about Dunkirk is being made but why not one about El Alamein, the first time Hitler suffered a land reversal? or the commando raid on St. Nazaire docks or the RN raid on Taranto (which the Japanese studied before Pearl harbor) which led to the virtual destruction of Italy's navy, or the total defeat of the Italians in North Africa (which forced Hitler to commit troops to North Africa). I know that the British aren't as triumphalist about the second world war as the Americans are but come on. I don't recall an American movie about the fall of the Philippines but I'm sure the British will make one about the fall of Singapore.
???????€????? ???????????????????€? ???????????????????€????????? ???????????????????????€? ????????????????????????????€????????????????€????€? ???????????????€????????????????????€?????????
sixe vedio
Woah! Neat video! Yeah, we are just young artists trying to make it big. We just dropped our new cover of 24k Magic! We would appreciate you guys if you checked it out and gave us a chance, please.
HARRY great jop????????????????
liberals are trying to send us to war with Russia! I'm not down with that!
Harry is a reason why I go to the cinema
I don't think harry styles would be in this movie if Nolan didn't feel fairly confident in his acting ability, that being said I'm super hyped to see this
Epic Background score.
Their salvation was literally a miracle. Because the Nation prayed. And God intervened :)
What is music 1:29 ?
???? ???????€? ???????€?????????????????
"Digital India Job
 Part time job without investment
 No Registration fees
 send me ""JOB"" whtsapp (9466739327)"
I CANT WAIT TO SEE MY BABY ACTING FOR HIS FIRST TIME.
I wish the allied propaganda would just die. It's been 70 some years, just get over it.
His life in war before he became the leader of the Peaky Blinders
"Guarantee some people will see this movie
 Just for Harry styles while not caring about the actual story."
???????????? ???????????????€????????? ????????????????????????????? ???????????????????€?????,?????????????????
sound track looking great
"Hitler's magnanimity spared the lives of the men trapped at Dunkirk but the warmonger allies would never admit the truth

 and Hollywood forever would come up with such anti German propaganda!!!"
Who cares if people are seeing it for Harry, just so long as they don't scream next to me every time he appears it's fine, maybe it'll open a younger generations eyes to what actually happened back then
From Christopher Nolan...OK, That's enough for me... I'm in ?????€???
Looking forward to Hans Zimmer's music in this one!
"I'm absolutely certain that a christopher nolan movie will be off the charts awesome. but who needs another heroic ww2 movie ? this topic has been covered in a million books, poems, movies.
 serious question. while it is important that we remember the mistakes being done, is it not time to move on, is it not time to stop to glorifying actions of war ?"
propaganda
looks great, love Nolan, but seriously, I think he forgot that there are other actors in Hollywood
Im not into this world war movies, but this looks promising!
iscrivetevi al mio canale che si chiama rpr rustu
The Third Reich will rise
British suck, like this!
So unbelievably rad
I just hope the movie is historically accurate. Like seriously if I don't see one French soldier in this movie I'll be pissed off.
Genius move by Nolan. Make 13 year olds get aware of the dangers of war, by putting their "hero" into a war movie and probably kill him. Some instagram bitches are getting educated son!
"WHERE MY BATTLEFIELD 1 PLAYERS AT
 COMMUNITY MOVIE RIGHT HERE OH ... AND YOU HAD ME AT ""CHRISTOPHER NOLAN"""
ww2 planes with ww1 soldier cosmetics. wtf?
War Movie, meh. I am out for this one. Don't like this kind of movies. At least Inception and Interstellar were something visually different.
Welcome dosto ab ghar bathai daily one thousand kamawo wo v free mai bs aplog es what app number pr join lick kar vaj dai?????€??€? (eight five zero seven one five zero zero eight eight ) 8507150088 ?????€???
Those Jerry bastards, attacking a hospital ship!
trending no 1 in India
what a great looking movie. God bless America AND Brittian of brexit
Anyone else here ever seen 'Operation Crossbow' from 1965 and loved it? Hugely underrated IMO
OMG! HARRY STYLES HARRY STYLES!!!!
This is going to be one heck of a film! Can't wait!
allies, allies and even allies but a film on the axis ever?
Now a days alot of GOT characters are playing in movies.....
I can already sense another masterpiece by both Chris Nolan and Hans Zinger.. Absolute legends both of them..
i live in there !
Englands Finest Hour...
international jewish
My Brother and I are history students, so this movie is going to have a stretched asshole when we're done ripping a new one.
in need of a hacking service,i was lucky to meet with Pavlov on a blog,and he did a great job for me and very affordable,Contact him on whatsapp +380931470221
?????€????????€????????€???Online part-time job at home 100% free immediately whatsapp me 9735333984.
give me one reason not to watch this movie....styles..Murphy...hardy.... and above all Nolan...:))..and a wwII movie...
I wish they will make another movie about WW2 :) USA vs. Japan.
Even through YouTube, the picture quality looks amazing. I've often thought the quality of 35mm film was way overrated - many movies released on bluray that were originally shot on film don't look good at all. Faded colors, warped images, flickering, distracting grain - that kind of stuff. And I've really come to appreciate the significant improvements digital capture has made in the last decade - thank you very much, people at Red and Arri. Great job! But seeing this, I can understand why Nolan still has a thing for film. Last years The Force Awakens (shot on 35mm film) was absolute reference quality. This one looks the shiznitts, too. And the quality of 15perf70 'true' IMAX was never under debate anyway. I wonder how the 65mm film shot segments in Dunkirk will look compared to the 65mm digitally Arri Alexa captured Rogue One. It's great that Hollywood is using the large formats again and directors have a choice. Perhaps we'll even see the resurgence of three-strip Technicolor. I'd be as happy as a puppy seeing a lamppost for the first time.
that gave me GOOSEBUMPS
First time he is acting not as a bad guy
1:52 Why the hell I think he is cute while drowning am I fuckin stupid?!
I knew it was harry styles
Love how they are going deeper into Operation Dynamo and into the situation and not the fights or actual battles. breath of fresh air for war movies
I wonder if we won the war
SO PROUD & VERY EXCITED
if he drowns i swear i'm sending him a lifeguard for christmas
Saving private ryan was the best ww2 movie but now its too dramatic and unrealistic
"From ''Christopher Nolan''
 That's enough!"
I hope there will be french in the movie too...
I was waiting for any weird twist coming from Nolan, didn't happen???????€? i'll see it though
Hairy Styles my crotch hair.
Nolan and Hardy, that's all the matters to me
song 1:35 pleasee ! ? ;-;
All the upset fanboys need to calm down, stop bitching about Harry and enjoy the movie
who else only cares because harry is in it
Why is it always about WWII? Does it means that WWIII is coming? Hacksaw Ridge has the better trailer though haha
I'm speechless. this movie will make a difference in the cinema's world
I would watch it just because of the awesomeness of the trailer, one of the best I have ever seen
No utilizan la imagen de harry para nada eeeh ???????€????????€????????€?
This looks Great ^_^
Alfie Solomons Vs Tommy Shelby.....I don't know how many would understand this reference! :)
Music : Hans Fuckin Zimmer Ya'll :D
"Looks well made but same old story. I'd like to see more about the ''normal'' German soldiers but especially civilians. They got dragged through first world war then put into mass poverty after, then they had massive economic boom prior to being dragged into another war (England and Poland almost forced it on Hitler) so a lot of change in a short time. During that war they had to deal with huge amounts of nazi propaganda only to realize too late what was going on with the jews etc, although the amount of jews killed was way over fabricated so the west could use it as their own propaganda.

 In the mean time the German civilians were under attack from every front, civilian women were repeatedly raped while the family had to watch if not shot, hung or burned already. That was not just the Russian front doing that, the Americans also hated all Germans due to western propaganda and they turned blind eye to certain regiments under their influence to do similar war crimes to the normal German civilians, while no doubt American and British took part in some of it too.

 That is all after good old church hill pioneered ''terror bombing'' aka dropping bombs on civilians, then the next night when the German civilians are trying to dig their relatives from the rubble Churchill sends the planes back in to drop fire bombs on the rescuers. But western lies will have you think the Germans were the ones who started bombing civilians, not to mention Churchill had an Indian concentration camp that killed way more Indians before Hitler so much as snarled at a jew. Lasty, after all is done even today normal Germans are still branded with the same nazi brush while none of the terrors they suffered are shown any light.

 I think western film makers have no balls to make a good German film because they know how much propaganda and hate we have been fed about Hitler, the Nazis and the Germans. The Nazis in the beginning were actually very good, for example. At that particular time they were a way better example of how to care for your nation than today's governments of almost every country. If a film maker would so much as say Hitlers name in anything but a negative light the mass of under educated tools would brand them a racist Nazi fk."
One of the sading thing is we dont have great leader like turks
inspir???? de bf1 ???????? lol
????????????????????? ???????????????????? ???€?????
Is there any movie genre left in which Nolan hasn't excelled yet??
what do you mean by Dunkirk??
Christopher Nolan now in WAR.
Christopher Nolan = Instant Watch
BF1!!!
Ou Dunkerque en fran????ais
What's a Harry Styles?
O My God so happy to see Harry Styles i am so exited to watch this movie????????
OH MY GOD IM SHOOK
Expectations are always high frm Nolan.. And lyk everytime, this time he ll prove it again.. Eagerly waiting
amazing trailer can't wait for the movie
its bad how no other people would get the amount of emotions I fee.from this movie. Anyone outside of the UK wouldn't really understand how pivotal this moment was for WW2
"0.5% of the comments is about Dunkirk

 99.5% is about the people who are getting mad at the Directioners for being a fan even though I haven't seen a single comment about Harry Styles from a Directioner"
it's sad that you win
I am disappointed by the lack of Indian soldiers as most of the soldiers at Dunkirk were Indian.
You won't catch me watching Harold's tiny ass die. Not now, not ever. LETS TALK ABOUT HOW PROUD LOUIS IS DOE
lol who cares if Harry Styles is in the movie why would it affect you in anyway if you're not a fan or just hate him then stfu his "annoying ass fans" (like myself) are here to support his acting career we are just happy for Harry If you're not then forget he's in the movie his irrelevant to your life so why care if he's in the movie. I mean at least it's not Justin Bieber (No offense)
Before reading the comments, I didn't even notice that Harry Styles is in this movie. Even after reading most of the comments, it took me a while to remember who Harry Styles is.
princgola
Dies ist nur ein deutscher Kommentar, nicht weiter beachten.
Poor, poor british heheheheh.
The Longest Day(D-Day Invasion) , City of Life and Death(Rape of Nanking), and I feel that I will be adding Dunkirk to my list of favorite WWII films.
ohh deos mio, QUIERO VERLA! Est???? Genial, ojala que Harry no muera... ni Tom :3
give Nolan a Oscar for the trailer
This will be such an emotional film!!! Im really looking forward to seeing it.
WB, syncopy, christopher nolan, hans zimmer, tom hardy, cillian murphy, OH MAN!! THIS IS REALLY BRING ME BACK TO GLORY TIME OF PROMOTION OF INCEPTION, DARK KNIGHT RISES, INTERSTELLAR...
why are people so offended about the fact that Harry is in it? I love Harry and I admit that I didn't know anything about the actual war or the movie until I heard that harry was acting in it and I understand the anger directed to the fans that just idolize Harry and disregard the importance of the actual event but shouldn't people be glad that an entire fan base is educating themselves about an important piece of history?
I came here because it's #1 on trending
comment if u came here for harry styles
Don't want to seem ignorant but what is the story line about?
is it a flag from the united kingdom ???
Battlefield 1 the movie .
I wish someone would make a movie about the WWII Serbian General Drazha Mihailovich who saved something like 500 United States airmen who got shot down by the Germans while running?? sorties to bomb the oilfields in Romania.?? Here's a true story rarely heard about.?? The codename?? of this rescue mission was "Operation Halyard"?? There's a book out titled "The Forgotten 500".?? Another book about this is titled "Ally betrayed : the uncensored story of Tito and Mihailovich".
background music?
2:04 He look like Eddie Redmayne
MA BABY IS DROWNIN HEYLP
You should tell the truth and make film about cowardly British who ran to their country because of war!!! Learn some history...
Truly one of Britains saddest days .RIP Dunkirk
1:29 That's the soundtrack?
That one guy is always a pilot in war movies
Wow, looks awesome.
Tom Hardy put on his mask. Coincidence? I think not.
GET READY MEN!!! BUUUUN BUUUUN BUN BUN BUUUUUN BUN BUUUUUN BUUUUN
cant wait for josh and kirk to show up, i didnt know they're in this.
m.soundcloud.com/marcusprofit hottest nigga out
"Hey guys, check this out :
 https://m.soundcloud.com/user-55141150/want-sums-more-than-a-math-sum"
"HELLO EVERY BODY
 YOUR VIDEO OR AND VERY NICE
 WE ALSO ARE YOUR PLANS FOLLOW
 SEE YOU THROUGH ITS CHANNEL AND LIGHT YOUR COMMENTS.
 THANK YOU VERY MUCH"
who henry style
"Holy crap
 ...Eames and Robert are stuck in Limbo"
I hope Christopher Nolan is Goering to keep making good movies, or that would make me f????hrerious
ALL HAIL NOLAN !!!!
"Harry Styles?
 0:47"
THOMAS FOOOKIN SHELBY
Directioners gonna flood this comment section fo sure...
OutSmarted!
who all watched this trailer just for Harry styles? _
HARRY!!????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? I have been waiting for this soooo long!!!!!!!
its Nolan again ...who could stop dis movie from getting a award???????€????????€?
Ridiculous garbage. Wake up white race, no more Brother Wars!
ok nolan...this is the movie you had to make?
Song?
all hail Christopher Nolan???????????????????????????
Way to make a movie look boring
honestly even though im a big one direction fan, i wont be screaming every second seeing harry in a movie. im watching this movie because it looks intense as fuck and i heard that Christopher Nolan is a respected director. so dont assume all directioners are going to scream seeing harry on the big screen.
1:48 - Bane origin story
?????€??????????????????€? ???????????€????????????????????????? ???????????€??????????????????€? ?????€??????????????????€? 15000 - 50000 Rs. ?????€????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????€? ???????????? ?????€??????? ?????€? ????????????? ?????????????????????????????€??????€??????? ????????????????????????? . ..........................???????????€?...?????€??????€????????????€? !?????€??? ?????€??????????????????€? ???????????€????????????????????????? ?????€??????€? ???????????????????????€? ???????????????????????€??????€??????????????????? ???????????€? chamcash ad junction ???????????????????????€??????? app ?????????????????€??????????????????€??????? ?????€??????? ????????????????????????????????????€? !?????€??? ?????€??????? ?????€??????????????????€? ?????€??????????????????€? ???????????????????????€??????????????????? ???????????? ????????????????????????????????????€??????€??? SPONSOR ID ???????????€??????€??????€??????€??????? ???????????????????????? ???????????? 5629887 ?????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????€???????Sponsor ID - 5629887?????€??? ?????€????????????€??????€? ?????????????????? ?????€????????????€??????€? ?????????????????????????????€? 7 ???????????€? 9 ???????????€? app ?????€????????????€??????€??????€??????€? ???????????€? ???????????€? - ???????????€? ?????€????????????€??????€? ???????????????????????????????????€??????? ?????€????????????????????????????????€? ???????????????????????€? app ?????????????????€??????????????????€??????? ???????????€????????????€? ????????????? ?????€????????????€??????? ID activate ???????????€? ???????????????????????€??????€??????? ?????€??????? ?????€????????????€??????€? 1$=62 Rs. ?????????????????? ???????????????????????€??????€??????€??????€? ?????€??????? ?????€??????? ?????????????????€??????€? ?????€????????????????????????€??????€??????€? ?????????????????????????????? ???????????€? ?????????????????€??????€??????€?...... ???????????? ??????????????????????????????. ?????€??????????????????€? ???????????????????????€????????????????????...9226371385????????
Am I the only one that has not even the slightes idea who Harry Styles is..
I don't get it. It's just a plain old World War II movie?
awesome trailerI'm sure all directioners are goin to watch this including me ;) hahahaharry is doin a gr8 jobgio chris nolan
"The reality of Dunkirk in May 1940:

 On 22 May, Churchill's Cabinet decided to retire the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) from France. Anthony Eden formally ordered the commander of the BEF, General Lord Gort, to deceive his Allies about the British Army's intention to retreat. Churchill contributed to the deception by reassuring French Premier Reynaud that Britain was firmly committed to victory. Even as the British prepared to evacuate, they tried to convince the Belgians to continue to fight. The Belgians did remain on the field of battle for an additional five days, which delayed the advance of German Army Group B toward Dunkirk. As the author points out, ""Far from being betrayed by their Allies, the British military commanders in France and Belgium practiced on them a methodical deception which enabled the British to get away with their rear defended.""

 Lord Gort was instructed not to inform his French and Belgian colleagues that the evacuation was beginning. South-east of Dunkirk the British withdrew their units, leaving seven French divisions alone to face the advancing Germans. The French fought on until their ammunition was exhausted and managed, like the Belgians, to tie down German forces that would otherwise have been available to assault the perimeter of Dunkirk.

 http://www.historiography-project.com/jhrchives/v02/v02p375_Lutton.php"
I honestly came here to see what all the fuss was about Harry drowning and stuff and tbh the trailer looks really good and I want to watch it because of the plot not because of Harry. I know y'all are excited but respect the other actors too...
ui les anglais nous ont sauver . bravo a eux mais ne pas oublier les dunkerquois qui ont combattue avec eux .
Ja ja die b????sen b????sen deutschen.ich kannst nicht mehr sehen
Can't wait to watch Dunkirk!
yes tomhard dose play in plikey blinders
Ah Finally... Amidst the abysmal and abhorrent superhero movies, shines a real war movie
earn money from home. 50000 per month . Join champcash now . If u want to join then what's up me 7776002413
if u want to do online job. even without investment den whtsap me 7207402336 champcash earn money refer i'd 8014993
Who cares about harry the actor who plays Tomas Shelby from peaky blinders is in it
"Tom hardy , Cillian Murphy , Harry styles then the movie is by christopher nolan what do you want bitch its just amazing harry might not be the lead but why do the bugs bite you if he is in the movie he's a darling an amazing singer actor and a perfectionist . For those who sayi wanna see a directioner's face when harry dies first piss off cuz he did not die for real then you can sit by me watching my reaction .

 For all the haters who once said harry can never be in a movie in your face fookin loosah he's in the biggest movie rn. Love the trailor and waiting for 21 july !!!!!!and people do you expect the directioners to fuck you or kiss you when harry comes in the movie of course they will cheer not kiss your ass you dumbfucks"
"Trailer is boring. Never heard of Nolan.
 Trending because I was just about forced to watch it ?????????"
Harry Styles is a gay...wtf nolan?
cant wait to see this so what harry styles is in it , Tom Hardy xx way bettwr
cooked
Can everybody shut the fuck up and stop saying "I don't care if Harry's in the trailer" "If Harry is there, the movie will be bullshit" Dude, nobody cares.Just watch the trailer and leave for god's sake.
Nice
... And who the F... is Harry Styles? Should I care about him in the movie? It????s Nolan... nuff said.
who is harry?
Yes Harry Styles is in this film, I don't really like him either but get over it!
Ohhh shiiit !!!
Wow
OH MY FUCKING GODNESS I JUST SAW HARRY STYLES!!!!!!!!!!!! JYFGKUQEFRUTKGAWEUKGetysofguarfetfpwre
???????????????? ???????????????????€????€? ???????????????????????????€? ????????????????????????€?. ?????? ????????????????????.
always be fan of cHristpher nolan .????????
gofundme.com/autoimmune-divorce thanks for helping and looking
I love the people who are commenting about how no one is talking about the movie and instead is arguing about how Harry Styles is in it when they're also not talking about the movie and instead arguing about how Harry Styles is in it
my goosebumps are outta control
Am I the only one who is asking who the heck is Nolan and just wants to watch it since in real life this costed the lives of many people in the beggining of ww2.
So the French had by far the worst losses and sacrificed several battalions in order to defender the perimeter but we don't see any French uniform. I hope Nolan won't make this history error, it would make is film lukewarm and he doesn't deserve such an opprobrium.
Don't worry soldiers Batman is coming to save you from future fifth dimension in dream... :)
why r ppl pissed that harry styles is in this movie??
ok. but. Harry. styles. so. not. ok.
or play battlefield 1
harry ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Harry????????????????????????
Best way to troll 1 Direction fans is by having Harry Styles as the lead in this movie and making it Rated R so 95% of their fan base won't be able to see it in the theaters....
Finally a Nolan film that will actually make sense
Fuck
Spoiler: The movie ends with them beating the evil Nazis; then 70 years later Britain is invaded by millions of Muslims and London is overrun with falafel stands and Sharia law no go zones, all without a single shot being fired. Talk about an anti-climatic ending.
i hope this will be shown in the Philippines
Literally no comments are related to this trailer.
Looks amazing
What a crap
Looks good. It will make me cry. The way those young men answered the call to arms and even lied about their age just to "do their bit" makes the youth of today look so inadequate.
why is this video playing at 15fps??
A movie about people ducking from planes. SICK!
It looks amazing. So excited for this film!! and harry was mind blowing in here. :)
Addet Mich in Super Mario Run. Meine Spieler-ID: 6729-7047-5904
what a drag
Wow nice!
GUYS I CANT BREATHE JM SO EXCITED
WHERE TF IS MICHAEL CAINE?!
i'm so happy harry's in this type of movie ?????€??€?
I just hope they will show a bit of french ppl. I'm tired of ww2 movies only showing brits and americans when the resistance played such a important role as well :( but at least it was truly filmed in Dunkerque, which is really cool
Nice movie
lets all not blame Nolan for casting the boyband singer, it was definitely the production house WB. Stupid move. Neither boyband would like this movie nor Nolan fans would like that actor. Different Cultures.
I know the movie will be awesome but the trailer could have been better.
the fuck harry styles doesn't deserve to be cast in same movie as tom hardy, rylance and Murphy. Different target audiences.
so its gonna be another world war2 movie.... hmmm.... okay let it come
Can't wait for it
4019 people don't have no clue who Christopher Nolan is.
WHY IS MY HUSBAND DROWNING
HARRRUYYYYSYSYSYSY DYSFDHSEFFHEWFEDKLWJGJKLGFRR IM SCREAMINGGGG
Christopher Nolan ? I am watching it.
Gonna watch this only for "Harry Styles" ????????????????????????
hit like if you missing Leonardo ????????
"tomorrow is my chemistry test and I dunno anything
 but I am reading the comments"
Yes I'm a fan of Harry Styles and yes that's why I watched this trailer. But to be honest, this film looks like it'd be pretty good whether it has him in it or not. Having Harry in it is just a bonus to be fair haha ????????
An film for Harry Styles to debut in Hollywood!
Hans zimmer is at his best whenever working with nolan. all his compositions for nolan films are just extraordinary. better than his best. this seems no exception.
"Cars 3
 The Last Knight
 Logan
 Justice League
 AND NOW THIS?!"
So I'm guessing they aren't gonna show the French rearguard that held off the Germans until the last boats left the beaches.
This reminds me of the attacks on perl harbor
Who the fuck is Harry Styles????
nn
Fuck the Brits!
the trailer left me clueless about movie's plot???????€????????€?
"Haters in 2011: 1D has 13 yr old fans
 Haters in 2012: 1D has 13 yr old fans
 Haters in 2013: 1D has 13 yr old fans
 Haters in 2014: 1D has 13 yr old fans
 Haters in 2015: 1D has 13 yr old fans
 Haters in 2016: 1D has 13 yr old fans

 See a problem?
 I'm a dude and I actually like some of their songs/albums and seeing Harry is pretty damn cool and I'm proud and happy for him, but I'm actually excited for the movie as well. Please just let the people be excited, if someone like Beyonc???? was in a film it would be the same thing, it's just that dumb boyband stigma that makes everyone so salty.

 He's a nice and genuine singer/songwriter in the band One Direction. Harry is making his debut as an actor in this film. Due to his large fan base, people like to criticise him for no reason. Some people can be pathetic and just need to get over the fact that he's successful as a musician and wants to explore acting. sheesh, trust in Nolan."
Battlefield The Movie.
Nice work......
This movie is going to take a lot of Battlefield 1 fans like me. ;)
1:52 bABY NO!!! its gonna be sum good footage for them edits tho
Why not ww1
https://42.slde.io/879d6417
"Bout time someone does a movie b4 Normandy. Dunkirk was a massive L, simmilar to Aleppo today or Stalingrad.
 Harrowing tale."
"Hello friends.
 earn money 50$ per month .
 you are intrested so resister below link and earn $1 immediately.
 1 month use refer and earn 50$ ."
Baby you light up my beach like nobody else
Hey
In Nolan we Trust!
the music in this trailer is spectacular
Looking for talented ARTISTS/MUSCIANS to work with, i make melodic angelic hip hop beats. twitter.com/eselmoso soundcloud.com/el-moso
Im here just like too see Harry Styles.. IloveOneDirection???????€????????€?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
gr8 8/8 would watch m8
"Could that be Lightoller, whom Mark Rylance is portraying ?

 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Lightoller"
what a surprisingly well-edited trailer. didn't hear one piece of booming tone-setting bass
0:53 CS)
Christopher. Tom Hardy. .. Epic !
thats harry..?
Harry Styles is a wrong Spelling of Hair Styles so there is no such thing as Harry Styles, its simply Hair Styles
Who the Fuck is Harry Styles? A barber ?
Was that tom hardy in the plane?
So glad this was made and not some American hypocrisy movie. Wohooo.
The Evacuation of Dunkirk.
What the fuck is this shit. At Dunkirk Hitler showed mercy as he hoped to peace out UK. After watching this trailer I still have no clue what film is about.
2:02 To me it looks and sounds like Martin Freeman, but he's nowhere in the credits; so who is that guy?? I know I've seen him before, but I can't figure out who he is.
HARRY?????€??????????
Nolan is master !
Cant wait for this new Battlefield update!!!
it's gonna be terrific.....! i'm waiting for this movie....
"nice video ------big show like it -----new track online #1

 https://www.reverbnation.com/marcsirgall/song/27110041-dance-figth-marc-sirgall"
Mmmmm we will hoe good it
Litty again.
elliot titterson from shameless is in this movie?
win OnePlus 3T use this link https://oneplusstore.in/december?_act_referrer=20396668
Now this is a trailer.
https://oneplusstore.in/december?_act_referrer=20396668
So this is what Jarvis did before he met Howard stark
1:03 Merlin vs Merlin
Where is Michael Caine?
Don't bother reading this comment section. Just don't.
hats off to sir Christopher Nolan for another master peice!
one of Hitler's biggest mistakes
one of Hitler's biggest mistakes
???????????€????????? ???????? ????????????????????,???????? ???????????€??????????????????????????
I?? don't?? know?? why?? everyone?? is?? thinking?? the?? fans?? will?? scream?? or?? shout?? in?? hall.?? Directioners?? are?? matured?? enough?? to?? not?? to?? disturb?? any?? other.?? AND?? IF?? YA?? STILL?? HAVE?? PROBLEMS?? THEN?? WATCH?? IT?? ON?? HOME!
"only the Australians did not win world war...
 but what about Russia? what Russia? who is it?
 hypocrites."
Plz Subscribe and i will subscribe u bck for sure ???????????????????€????????€? and also chck out my vines ???????€????????€?
Isn't this based in Ww1? If so why do they have ww2 aviation?
?????€???
Isn't amazing how the British can turn an amazing defeat into a victory? (Oh & my (Irish) uncle died in France in 1944, Royal Corps of Signals)! & who really gives a fuck about Harry fucking Styles? If that is why people are going to watch this movie, God help the human race! :- (
OMG THAT MUSIC DAMM
My dad loves war movies. I hope this one is good so I can show it to him. He's so picky about films and this looks really good.
???????????????????? ????????????? ???€????? ???????????? ???????????????? ???????????????????????????? ???????????€????????€? ????????????????????????€?.
i m here only because its "from Christopher Nolan "
to be honest I didn't even notice Harry Styles was in this movie until I read the comments.
???????????????????????????? ???? ????????????????????????? ???????????????????€? SLAVA ROSSII
great fucking music
"Why did the tanks stop?
 Because hitler ordered a HALT to all attacks for 48 hours, a lot of other nazi's wanted to finish the soldier off.

 Hitler never wanted a war with the UK, probably because a British soldier saved his life in WW1. The PM before Churchill didn't want a war either, so they installed Churchill.
 Just like the US knew about the japanese fleet coming towards pearl harbor, but they didn't do anything. They wanted a war.

 Hitler fought against Jewish Bolshevik Communism, the Jews had declared war on germany in 1933."
who is this Harry u lot are talking about
I've never watched a Christopher Nolan film (yeah I know KILL me) but this movie sounds pretty exciting!
????????????hc ????????????€????€????€? iti????y??????? wawawa
???????????????????? ???€????????????????? ???????? ???????????????????????€?
A message to all directioners, please do not try to ruin other people's experience when you go to watch it. Apparently it's going to annoy the shit out of everyone.
Really?!? Instead of making a movie.... Let's do something
SO this ver the Brits finally win or stay true with the wikipedia ver???
E
The music that kicks in... holy shit, that sounds good! Looks like a good movie too.
Who cares about Harry Styles when you have Cillian Murphy and Kenneth Branagh in it
harry styles
eye hate war and slavery movies, make one about USURY and the false jews.
The most annoying thing is at 1:03 a messerschmitt 109 and a spitfire fly by and the sound they use for that Is a stuka mid dive, this is so annoying.
https://www.reverbnation.com/pearlmasterjayxpearlmastereazy
As usual, not a single picture of a French soldier. As we all know Dunkerque was exclusively filled with British ...
i am wanting for this movie and harry tooo
my baby. at last I started crying
if they killed harry styles i swear to god im suing jk but really i am
???????Nolan??????? the name is enough ... definetly watch this movie
awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
This movie looks sooo good!!!! Can't wait to watch it:)
its just a dream,die and you will wake up.
#inmemorycare #mediclaim #goodhealth #nomediclaim www.inmemorycare.com
amazing
Everybody needs Albert Einstein in their subscriptions.
"Check out ""Icon Plus""
 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.app.iconplus"
1:05 who is this
The God 'Nolan' has arrived again. So impactful trailer with master Hans Zimmer's best rendition.
earn unlimited downloads Champ crash app sponsor ID 8815612
"Ugh, Harry's face at 1:39!
 Everyone stop hating, this film is going to be huge because of him. Let's hope the movie is well done. See you all at the cinema."
Who else here is on YouTube?
this looks like a good movie. and I'm not saying that as a Harry Styles fan. I love these types of movies. Harry just happens to be in it xD
"you know..
 I've been building houses for the past 30 years and nobody has ever referred to me as.... ""Richie the house builder"" but if you go out and fuck 1 pig..."
Both my grandfathers were at Dunkirk in 1940. Im very pleased to finally see a film about it. It may have been a technical defeat but the truth is the British soldier gave the Germans a bloody nose before being forced back.
"no mamen con que el pinche Harry muere :v ... mi beb???? xD su primera pel????cula y ya anda muriendo xDDD
 21 DE JULIO DEL 2017... LLEGA YAAA!!! CHINGA"
It's so real I could feel it.
wowwww
"so who won world war 2








 Ans :- Muslims"
hey ciao a tutti, che ne dite di passare dal mio canale e iscriversi e magari mettere un mi piace? ???????€????????€?
Christopher Nolan should really make a movie on Syria or how it started and expose the truth!! Please Warner Bros, make it possible...
Dunkirk was a huge event for the British nation, but in my opinion it had nothing to add to the victory over Germany. In two years Russia lost way more than Britain could have lost in Dunkirk and managed to devastate Germany. The Battle of Moscow, the Battle of Stalingrad and the Battle of Kursk are the only three turning points in history that led to the annihilation of the Nazis Germany. While Dunkirk is a very important victory for the world and first of all for Britain that helped to save so many lives
I think this movie will be the greatest next year. It's interesting to see Harry Styles here?????€??????????€?
"Fck Yeah Harry Styles..I'm
 a Big Fan Of Yours"
???????? ???????????€? ???????????€????????? ????????????????€????? ???????????????€????? 25, ???????????????€????€? ???????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????€????? ???????€????????? ???€?????????????????????? ???????????€????? ????????????????????€????????€????????????????? ???????????? ???????????€??????????????. ???????€????? ???????????????????????????? ???? ???????????????????€????????????€? ????????????????????????????????€? ????????????????????????????. ???€????????€?????????????? ???????????€????????? ???????€????? ???????????????????????????????????????€????? ????????????, ???€????€????????????€? ???????????€????????? ????????????????????????????€????????????? ???? ???????????????????????€?????????????????????????.
?? ????????????????????????! ???????€????????????????????€?????????????!
finally!!! a world war 2 movie that doesn't centers around americans troops
0:45 Harry Styles on the left?
Tom Hardy and Cilian Murphy in a movie from Christopher? What a suprise!
Looks Amazing ?????€????????????????€????????????????€???????????
So many arguments in the comments, just watch the movie people. Simple as that.
Please don't start world war III after this. peace
I hope the film is not just a patriotic Brit-fest and recognises the French point of view. More than 100,000 Frenchmen were rescued from the beaches and many more were left behind fighting to protect those who got away. Films like this are inevitably taken as history by the bulk of people who watch them, so it's important that this aspect is recognised.
I wonder what the twist is?
The example of institutional cowardice of British. They should stay there and fight like men.
"How To Spot *A CLICKBAIT In trending *

 hover your cursor to thumbnail .Thank me Later"
0:46 mor????
"70mm IMAX, Hans Zimmer, Tom Hardy and Christopher Nolan.
 Thanking God"
I'm a grt fan of christfor movie are u guys?????
I'm crying harry ????????
I feel like this movie will be like Jarhead. NO action! just drama war shit. Next please.
yo vengo por mi HARRY
12 year olds getting their panties wet over some former pop star yet forget to care about the movie itself and what happened
"wooo harry styles eres perfecto

 PROMISE"
?????€??? I guess I should watch it...what do you think..?
I don't understand all the hate towards Harry Styles for being in the movie. I doubt he's even going to be doing much, he's just there to appeal to a younger audience. If that brings young people into the cinemas to watch the film, then I'm all for it.
???????????????????? ???€????????????????? ???????? ???????????????????????????€?
the good thing about this movie is that i'll be able to see harry act and at the same time learn about history
pichars English
Another great movie by Christopher Nolan.The visuals are breathtaking.The last shot of the previous trailer was one of the greatest shots I have seen.
Yo I came here only from Harry but this looks like a really good movie!!
I feel bad for the people who are gonna get hate from watching this movie because they legitimately like war movies, and not some pop star.
At least tom hardy is in it ?????€???
"I feel like I'm the only Directioner here that actually wants to see Harry die.
 Also no, I am not just watching this movie because of him and I'm not 13 ;)"
doesnt look like a nolan movie
is this DLC of Battlefield 1 ?
follow me on instagram(trust mizzy boy)...thanx(:
in the new star wars everyone dies and episode 4 begins
I'm here for Christopher Nolan's movie, not for that dumb singer. Who were with me?
what is this shit
Who the fuck is Harry Styles?
and we will find the legacies ......
I'm excited to see how Christopher Nolan takes war using his direction and imagery. I can see him doing a great job with this movie, as he is always meticulous with his topics, either it be dreams, space travel, or even comic book characters.
Didn't Hitler let the allies leave un-opposed at Dunkirk?
The comment section is pure cancer...
Harryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy <3
"????????????????????????????????????????????€????? ???????????????????????????????????€????? ???????? ????????????????????????€? ???????? ???? ????????
 ???€?????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????
 http://vk.com/wall-58891813_2889"
wow!! what an amazing trailer, and i know that uts a great movie too!???????? and OMG!!! I SAW HARRY! HES AMAZING! OMG! OMG! ????????????????????????
???€????????? ???????????????????????€????? ???????€????????????€?, ???????????????????????????????????€????? ???? ???????€????????? ?????????????????????????, ???????????€????????????? ???????????????????????€????????????????????€????? ???????? ???????????€????? ???€????????????????????? ???? ???????????????????????? ???????€? ???????????€?. ????????????????????????? ???????????????????? ???€????????????????? ????????????? ???????€?????????????????????????????€?????????, ???????????€????????????? ???????????? ???????????????????????????????????? ???? ???????????????????????????????? ???? ???????????????€? ???????????????????????€????? ???? ???????€?????????????????????????????€?????????????????????. ???????????????????? ????????????????????! ???€????????? ???????????? ????????????????????????????????????????????€? ???? ???????????????€????? ?????????????.
???????€????? ???? ???????€????€????€? ????a?????????????? s???€? ???????????€????? ?????€??€??????€??€??????€??€???????????????????
Hey generation stupid dumb cunt. Dunkirk was real.
I get that Cristopher Nolan can make PG 13 movies feel raw and real as is apparent in The Dark Knight but a PG 13 war movie is a bad idea in my opinion.
Poor guys. Lost their lives and some of them were barely teenagers. War only kills us civilians, the politicians hide in their bunkers.
Just because Battlefield 1
this movie looks fantastic
am I the only one sick of WWII? There are thousands of years of recorded human history and like half of all historical war movies or video games are about WWII. and the ones that aren't are usually poorly made or written. We need to stop focusing on these 6-13 years of history and do other stuff. WWII is getting boring at the very least.
raise your hands if you watching this movie because Christopher Nolan and not Harry Styles
Last song??
Someone tell me about what happened at Dunkirk? I've never heard the story or even heard it mentioned.
Holyyy SHIIIIT HAROLD WYD WYD WYD
This looks spectacularly amazing ????????????
very amazing l love it
this shit looks juicy as hell!
Christopher Nolan is so dedicated to practical effects,I wouldn't be surprised if he actually fucking killed over a hundred people and drowned Harry Styles making this.
Do people even know what Dunkirk was now a days?
This summer? Which summer??? :-D
I LOVE YOU H
and this is the story of how harry styles joined one direction
???€??????? ??????bf1?????€??????????????????????????
This Looks?? Amazing!
Anything Christopher Nolan <3
"Oh god i can't see Harry hurt.... that's just horrible....
 Trailer is really good..."
Everyone in the comment section is dumb as fuck , yes I'm a massive harry fan but I also know the history of Dunkirk , Christopher Nolan knows what he's doing and knew what he was doing when he asked harry to be apart of the film , just because he was in a boy band doesn't mean he doesn't have other skills such as acting , give him a chance because he might be great , I'm sure the movie will be an awesome war movie :)
"What role does Harry have?
 Can somebody tell?"
So much stupid in the comments.
BASTA, MI BEB???€??????????????????????????????????????€???
it wil be wonderful to watch on july 2017
Watching how directioners and people who actually care about the WHOLE movie fight over not allowing directioners screaming in thr theatre makes me laugh???????€?
Christopher Nolan ....who the fuck cares about some 1D kid!!
nice
i trust you nolan.. styles will do great if YOU casted him
All the people who are crying about Harry Styles being in this movie haven't watched the movie yet. I am sure, he had to go through auditions for the role that's why he is even there and I am more excited about the fact how is he able to be in Christopher Nolan's movie, one more interesting thing to look forward in this movie. Though I am not a Harry Styles fan.
Hans zimmer music made this more awesome.....
More Hollywood propaganda to remind us who the bad guys are. Wonder if it mentions how Hitler told his armies to let us go....
Good Trailer!
nationalist war porn
Never knew Harry styles before.. but he looks very charming in the trailer. Excited to check him out
Will watch it just for Rylance.
BattleField 1 newest DLC storyline
screw harry styles i'm here for tom hardy <333333
Wait what war is this movie about
Harry??????
Well, I love Harry but to be honest I'm waiting this movie for the Nolan's work, so excited
"Click read more....






 If you read it all Leave a like and a comment.






 Leibniz and Newton

 Gottfried Leibniz
 In the seventeenth century, the philosophy of space and time emerged as a central issue in epistemology and metaphysics. At its heart, Gottfried Leibniz, the German philosopher-mathematician, and Isaac Newton, the English physicist-mathematician, set out two opposing theories of what space is. Rather than being an entity that independently exists over and above other matter, Leibniz held that space is no more than the collection of spatial relations between objects in the world: ""space is that which results from places taken together"".[5] Unoccupied regions are those that could have objects in them, and thus spatial relations with other places. For Leibniz, then, space was an idealised abstraction from the relations between individual entities or their possible locations and therefore could not be continuous but must be discrete.[6] Space could be thought of in a similar way to the relations between family members. Although people in the family are related to one another, the relations do not exist independently of the people.[7] Leibniz argued that space could not exist independently of objects in the world because that implies a difference between two universes exactly alike except for the location of the material world in each universe. But since there would be no observational way of telling these universes apart then, according to the identity of indiscernibles, there would be no real difference between them. According to the principle of sufficient reason, any theory of space that implied that there could be these two possible universes must therefore be wrong.[8]


 Isaac Newton
 Newton took space to be more than relations between material objects and based his position on observation and experimentation. For a relationist there can be no real difference between inertial motion, in which the object travels with constant velocity, and non-inertial motion, in which the velocity changes with time, since all spatial measurements are relative to other objects and their motions. But Newton argued that since non-inertial motion generates forces, it must be absolute.[9] He used the example of water in a spinning bucket to demonstrate his argument. Water in a bucket is hung from a rope and set to spin, starts with a flat surface. After a while, as the bucket continues to spin, the surface of the water becomes concave. If the bucket's spinning is stopped then the surface of the water remains concave as it continues to spin. The concave surface is therefore apparently not the result of relative motion between the bucket and the water.[10] Instead, Newton argued, it must be a result of non-inertial motion relative to space itself. For several centuries the bucket argument was considered decisive in showing that space must exist independently of matter.

 Kant

 Immanuel Kant
 In the eighteenth century the German philosopher Immanuel Kant developed a theory of knowledge in which knowledge about space can be both a priori and synthetic.[11] According to Kant, knowledge about space is synthetic, in that statements about space are not simply true by virtue of the meaning of the words in the statement. In his work, Kant rejected the view that space must be either a substance or relation. Instead he came to the conclusion that space and time are not discovered by humans to be objective features of the world, but imposed by us as part of a framework for organizing experience.[12]

 Non-Euclidean geometry
 Main article: Non-Euclidean geometry

 Spherical geometry is similar to elliptical geometry. On a sphere (the surface of a ball) there are no parallel lines.
 Euclid's Elements contained five postulates that form the basis for Euclidean geometry. One of these, the parallel postulate, has been the subject of debate among mathematicians for many centuries. It states that on any plane on which there is a straight line L1 and a point P not on L1, there is exactly one straight line L2 on the plane that passes through the point P and is parallel to the straight line L1. Until the 19th century, few doubted the truth of the postulate; instead debate centered over whether it was necessary as an axiom, or whether it was a theory that could be derived from the other axioms.[13] Around 1830 though, the Hungarian J????nos Bolyai and the Russian Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky separately published treatises on a type of geometry that does not include the parallel postulate, called hyperbolic geometry. In this geometry, an infinite number of parallel lines pass through the point P. Consequently, the sum of angles in a triangle is less than 180???? and the ratio of a circle's circumference to its diameter is greater than pi. In the 1850s, Bernhard Riemann developed an equivalent theory of elliptical geometry, in which no parallel lines pass through P. In this geometry, triangles have more than 180???? and circles have a ratio of circumference-to-diameter that is less than pi."
Who can from pointless blog
0:38 look at the guy on the right ???????€????????€????????€?
die gesichter?? sind viel zu sauber
Effectiveness trait award truck account handsome slow fair.
Who the fuck is harry stylez?
about time Nolan gets new actors. every movie he releases has me confused as to whether it's a Batman sequel
Anybody knows the name of the soundtrack used ?
Tommy Shelby PEAKY BLINDERS HISTORY HERE!
"Cillian Murphy right?
 it is going to be a good movie"
"I have million reasons to watch it.
 chris, tom, cilian, harry, mark, fion,anurin,
 and most important, WWII is my favourite part of history !
 love that movie!"
"Lou would be so proud of his husband ????????
 Where my larries at?"
I was only going to watch this because of Harry being in it, but it actually looks really good.!
Cooperation relief monitor little neighbor wilderness chain threat
am i the only one who thinks this looks like another basic crappy war movie that's gonna win a bunch of awards because it's about war and we have to show our support even if it sucks ?
Meh, no French soldier ? :/
#AKSHAT_BHATIA
what's up with all the hate for people who support other people???????€?
Please tell me Hans Zimmer is doing the soundtrack
WHO THE FUCK IS HARRY! By the way the stukas made me so wet you could sail a boat up me and I'm a guy
HARRY BABYBOY
idk even know or care about Harry styles Christopher Nolan is one of the best out there soo...yea
That moment that ur only here for Harry
One of the Wehrmacht's costliest errors in judgement.
French-Bashing
That background music. Oscar are you feeling it? Better do by the end of 2017.
the reason why its thought to be the miracle of dunkirk is because weather stopped planes from invading. looks like a lot of planes in this film to me....
My favorite director doing a WW2 movie, being a WW2 history buff...? Shut up and take my money.
Harrys highlight is poppin
Cant wait for this movie to portray dunkirk as a glorious victory over the nazis when in reality the allies got their asses handed to them.
HARRY!!! ???????€????????€??????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€??€??????€????????€??€??????€??€??????€??????????????€??€????????????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€????????€??€????????????€????????€??????????????€??????????????€????????€??€??????€?????????€??€??????€?????????€?????????€????????€?????????€??€?
HARAAAAY
Even if the British didn't escape at Dunkirk the soviets still would have won the war. More bourgeois propaganda I guess
bane and scarecrow ... nolan please
If Nolan wants to make a movie about how to grow potatoes then the movie will still be a 10/10! That's how great Nolan is
okay just to start off i'm a directioner and yes i like harry styles ... but i also do like history and it has shaped the world we live in toady, it has always been one of my best subjects in school and learning it i mean it should be made more of a compulsory subjects in schools all around the world 2 know how it functions but the funny thing is 1d Actually inspired me to take history ...i,m learning everything about them over the past 6 years, but it would be cool for the younger generation of 2day 2 actually know wat had happened in the past rather than be on their phones full time and forgetting the actual real world around them ... but hey if most of them are just going 4 harry at list they are learning history, i bet the screening is gonna be sold out cant wait 2 see the box office value of the move ... history plays a role in every ones life and it will until the world ends its important 4 all of us 2 learn and better understand it so the it does not repeat itself AND 1 more thing i saw the trailer wen it came out like yesterday and it only had 1 000 000+ views but now it has 8 million + gosh this is so gonna be a hit movie around the world and us in fiji we are so gonna get 2 watch it first cant wait !!!! coz we cross the international date line yeah
IM SO FUCKING READY
oh is that the actor from peaky blinders?
except background music is sounds likes Nolan styles that other part feels like another men. but i still want to see. await
BREAKING NEWS: Obamas birth certificate has been proven to be a forge. New evidence released. joe arpaio
who else came here only for Harry Styles? ???????
lol.. they make such movies to feel like they really were in World War :p no regrets
"well i first saw harry styles ,i got emotional .
 and then "" from christofer nolan"" happens then i cried my heartout. I think im not the only one ."
the first time i saw the trailer it had 4k views now is 8m i saw this trailer like 15 times
https://oneplusstore.in/december?_act_referrer=16032780#.WErNQAh1Fog.facebook signup to get free gifts from oneplus brand
Note to all Syrian coward men fleeing their home.
awesome
Who's going just to see Harry Styles? I know I am also to see how amazing he is in acting.
VERY BAD !
"Honestly the comments on here are cancer. Just because we like 1D, doesn't mean we can't enjoy a war movie or think it looks interesting. Everyone keeps assuming Directioners are 13 (it's been about 6 years now and people are still saying that) and only have an interest in Harry. Most of us are literally about 18 or older. Do people realize that aging is a thing or .......?
 Yeah, there's probably going to be Directioners there who are only interested in Harry, but stop generalizing the entire fandom. Honestly, the people complaining and making fun of us are just as immature as the '13 year olds' they're depicting."
I'm so proud of Harry ????????????
I cant contain my excitement for this. Christopher Nolan(legend) & Harry Styles & Tom Hardy..omg this is too much for me
I'm supposed to be playing Game of War but this one player keeps kicking my ass
"So yet another attempt to milk the WW2 with tales of American/British bravery ,heroism etc etc etc...to keep dumb Americans dumb.
 Meh"
Yet another WWII movie... Has Hollywood ran out of stories to tell, they need to keep recycling the same movie over and over?
I'm pumped for this, it looks amazing! And ahh my babe h
THEY LET MY BABY DROWN!
is that tom shelby?
Bf1 ww2 dlc
The Stuka sound mixed with the score... Just perfect...
"FINALLY a movie where Americans/Brits are the heroes!
 Kappa"
don't fucking assume that all the "little" "13-15years old" Directioners don't care about history and they just want to watch bc Harrys in it. Bc there are a lot of us, including me, that love history. Its just a bonus that Harry is in there.
I really hope cillian murphy and tom hardy are friends in real life. i love them together in peaky blinders. two amaz batman villans. and now in this movie too!
Good holy Christ this looks good!
"Remember what people thought about Heath Ledger before Nolan gave the role of the Joker to him?

 Calm down about Harry Styles, people"
I don't understand how so many of.you think we're "13 year old scream girls " wanting to see a movie just because Harry Styles is part of the cast.. 90% of us fans are 18+ . Im 22 and til this day I support any project these boys take on. dont judge if you don't know anything about us. they grew up and so did we, were intrigued to see what he has to offer as an actor, don't take that away from us simply because hes In a boy band.
I'm a man of simple taste I see Christopher Nolan I watch the movie
The reason people are freaking out over Harry Styles being in the movie is because it seems to me that he was chosen for his popularity and not his talent as an actor, as shown in another trailer there was a kissing scene in the movie and I worry it's going to be more of a romance for tweens than a historically accurate film about Dunkirk.
I am like " Wow Christopher Nolan"....... then I'm like "WTF! Harry Styles.."
This is going to be good, and did anyone catch tom hardy as a (British/German) pilot?
Some people here assume to much about young people, i knew the details around Dunkirk from a documentary. It interested me so much i watched a documentary specifically about Dunkirk and read a ton of material on it. I'm early 20s but was like 17 at the time.
"IGN and RottenTomatoes 2/10

 1. Not Marvel enough
 2. We cant handle heroism and machismo if it doesnt come in tights and masks.
 3. Fuck this guy, he is made those Batman movies that Marvel still hasnt been able to surpass after a dozen movies.
 4. We are proud of our unethical and biased reviews coz the check Disney cuts for us is just too good."
nolan is going to win his 1st oscar
Please let Hans Zimmer be the composer
dude people complaining that people only want to watch this movie for Harry are annoying. let them watch the damn movie no matter the reason. like gosh
Fan or no fan of One Direction, you lowkey want to see what Harry Styles is going to bring to the table in this movie
WHY ON FUCKING EARTH IS EVERYBODY TALKING ABOUT HARRY STYLES IN THE COMMENTS. HE IS LITERALLY A MINOR CHARACTER IN THIS MOVIE
I am so god damn excited.
Looks great !
So the Germans let a bunch of Brits just slip away, I guess they did nazi that one coming
Aleppo at the moment is in a worst situation !
can anyone subscribe to my channel ?
Only thing is that the 109 was making stuka sounds. Other than that I'm pumped.
I didn't even noticed harry was in the trailer until I ready the comments lol but this movie looks pretty good ! And tom hardy is in it ~/ !!!
Trailer is trending. Will definitely watch.
Looks outstanding.
who else came here for Harry?
In Nolan We Trust
War is primitive, savage and unnecessary. Unless it's muslims in the middle-east killing each other fictional gods, that's fine. The rest of the world isn't at war, just them. Leave them alone, they're the last primitives. Let them die, they are humans just like us, and it's very sad. Let 2017 be the year it stops... I just want it all to stop. War is useless violence.
battlefield ww2 coming soon
More comments about 1D fans commenting commenting than actual 1D fans. K.
i cant tell if its a world war one or two movie
I'm so hyped just to see Cilian Murphy and Tom Hardy sharing the screen again.
#3 trending india
"?????????????????????????????? ???????????€??????€?????????????
 ?????€??????????????????????????
 ?????????????????????????????? ?????????????????€????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????€?????????????????????????????????????€???????????????????€?"
great and............!
And where are the French ?
Jesus why the hate on Harry Styles, I didn't even notice him there, or even know what he looks like. And why should you care anyways, the move is whats importatnt
Syncopy making better movies than DC, Marvel, and Disney-Pixar combined!
I can safely say that every single shot of the film in this trailer is a singular work of harrowing and intimate art. Goddamn does Nolan know how to wield a camera or what.
who Harry I didn't even notice I was enjoying the cinematography int the trailer
"another gay emotionless war movie

 I don't reckon that veterans deserve any respect anyways - they're brave but always come back empty handed"
lol I was expecting all the directioners but not butthurt people who get offended by us being here
"Hacksaw Ridge and now Dunkirk.

 This year has been a good year for war films"
Sorry that us "12 year olds" support Harry. We always will and never stop. And for us screaming in theaters--- I suggest watching it at home?
LOVE Christopher Nolan! One of my favorite movie directors!!
The planes are not from ww1 because those planes are to high tech for ww1
"Why are so many of you dumb fangirls freaking out over Harry and thinking his acting skills are going to be great? He's clearly just some supporting character that's going to be cowering in fear most of the time from German attacks.
 Nolan has Mark Rylance, Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy and Keneth Branagh to work with. Why the fuck would he waste time working with Harry fucking Styles and give him some super important role? LOL. JUST LOL. So delusional"
Did I catch the interstellar ticking music at beginning.
lol all these people bitching about how Harry can't act...duh that's why the Christopher Nolan hired him! shut up and stop being jealous that you won't ever be as successful
People should see this movie because it looks fucking epic and like a well made, well written movie by a great film maker. if you want to see it ONLY for Harry styles, and you have absolutely no interest in the movie or story at all, why see it?
cool, been a while since a good ww2 movie.
Ohhhh yeah a battlefield 1 movie
SUB TO ME IF YOUR UP FOR THE CHALLENGE
Gritty war film + Christopher Nolan + Tom Hardy + Murp.. = I'm in..
look like medal of honour game
i thought this was a battlefield 1 video lmaoo
harry styles fans probably dont even know what dunkirk is
Action thriller? What is it? Die Hard 7? This movie should be about French and English generals-idiots which did not take seriously lessons from Polish defeat in September 1939 r. and did not find any counter tactics to Blitzkrieg. In May 1940 r. they did not use planes or tanks in sync with other type of units. English for example launched attack with Matildas only whose were destroyed by Erwin Rommel himself shooting to them from FLAK 88 guns whose should be destroyed by English infantry but Allied generals have different view how to use tanks. Dunkirk is a price for betraying Poland.
battlefield one.. the movie..
Well I was expecting MORE Harry Styles......
War is bollocks
ok
i heard that hitler didn't halt the attack on Dunkirk, but in fact it was generals such as von kluge who wanted to stop the attack because a fear of a counter attack from the allied forces. has anyone else hear about this too?
"me:cewl it's a ww2 flic.i should go see it as long as its not R.might be educational to some degree.what was britian doing in ww2 anyway?
 everyone else:thwis hawy guwy swucks.he thwould gow thwuck dwick.
 ...does no one care about the movie anymore?you guys are all worried about an actor,COME ON.just because hes from a band doesnt mean hes bad.whatever happenes to going to a movie to see the plot and epic c.g.i?you all are worying yourselves with an actor and directorlike your the ppl that choose who's ganna get an emmy.i could care less who gets a roll, as long as it's played well.just give movies a chance without critueqeing them before they EVEN COME OUT."
doesn't look too bad
fucking riveting plus Harry mmmmmm wtf
0:55 is it the Legend27
"i make cartoons..please check them out!???????€????????€????????€????????€?
 you won't be disappointed!
 thank you!!"
zouloux <3
Can you annoying hipster fucking ass superficial boys STFU,?? no one is saying "I'm only watching the movie cause Harry's in it". Anyone who's going to watch it is probably genuinely interested in one of the biggest events that occurred in world war 2. Like sure maybe harry in it will bring more new audience, but is that such a bad thing ???? We don't even know how this kid acts yet....jesus
Omg his face when he was underwater has me crying ????????
Why german stop attacking?
Nolan is so creative and can visualize what the picture will look like and that's why he chooses actors to play the part. I'm sure the one direction guys part will be realistic. Remember what everyone said about Heath Ledger? Nolan is a creative genius
Good! Finnally the movie about Hitler kicking English and French asses because they did not honor their pact with Poland about military help which cause Polish defeat in September 1939 r. I love Panzer Gerenal games series because they let me virtually bleed this cowards using another Polish enemy - Wehtmacht. War would be over in September 1939 r when French and British would launch their offensive on the west against few Wehrmacht divisions. I have nothing against common soldiers but I would drown this French and English pigs: politicians and generals. They dicided that help to Poland was not in their interest And now I personally piss on NATO agreement. Poland again will fight alone against more and more agressive Russia and nobody will want to die for Gdansk Krakow or Warsaw.
HARRY FUCKING STYLES
I can't wait for this movie to come out. It looks so good, got chills just from watching the trailer!
So gonna love this movie!
THERE IS WATER LITERALLY COMING OUT OF MY EYEBALLS
0:14 I got it. You need to buy the blood and gore DLC to see the blood effect.
???€????????? ???????????€?????????????????? ???????€?????????????????? ????????????????????????????? ???????????????????€? ???? ???€?????????????????????€?,???????????????????????????? ???? ???????????????????????€????????????????????€????? ????????????????????????????????????? - ???????€????????????????????????? ???? ?????????????????????????????????????...
I've never seen a gritty war movie attract the boyband fangirl demographic. It's hilarious.
3k are natzi supporters apperantly....
Who's harry styles ? I came to know only after this trailer and looking at comments... just one word is enough for me to watch this movie and that is 'Nolan'
Pls look at my vids
HAAAAARRRRYYYYY
"Even though its history,
 I'm sure its going to be history perceived in the Nolan way."
???????????????????€?????????
Hay
If Harry dies I stg I will write a very mean tweet
another world war movie? pass.
I freaking love Cillian Murphy.
?????€???????????CHRISTOPHER NOLAN YES BABY ?????€???????????
I'm not gonna lie, I definitely did not know that was Harry Styles until I started reading comments^_^
Damn it. This trailer is good. Hope it matches up to Interstellar and Dark Knight triology. Give Nolan an Oscar Already!
#WatchPopularMMOsCHaNGETHEWORLD
"I'd say its a marketing trick to indulge Harry Styles, so that it'd attract the teen club for the movie and hence becomes useful too as they'll be realising and knowing the history of DUNKIRK.





 did I just say Harry Potter!"
???????????????€????? ????????????????????????: ???? ???????????????€????? ???????????????€? ???????????????????????€? ????????????????????????????????????€????€? ???????? ???????????? ????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????? ???? ????????????????????????????????€?????????
Cool it down guys. Yup. Some of us in here are One Direction Fans. But hey, some of us in here are Nolan fans too. Give us some credit.
???????????????????????????????????????????
This is just sad... people only coming for Harry Styles, not even knowing that this is WW2, and thinking this has something to do with the Americans.
"OMG...
 Can't Wait...."
All the heroes die in rouge one by the death star
earn online money by join me
212 days, shiiiiiit ((( I can wait
I must be wrong but I thought the Nazi's gave the British time to evacuate.
http://thetrafficincome.com/ref/2132
Lmao y'all here complaining about people freaking over about Harry but like what did you expect from us
battlefield 2 trailer looks good
That soundtrack OMG ! am loving it already !! HANZ + NOLAN = EPIC !
Motivates me to play bf1 even more!
I don't give a fuck who's in it, or who's directing it (though Nolan is a plus) I'm here because it's a new WW2 movie!
I find it pathetic how all these fan girls are watching this movie on how the British evacuation of France just because of Harry Styles. They probably do not know anything about the battle of Dunkirk and why it had occurred. But they'd rather just watch the movie just because their favorite pop singer is in it. I can tell in many other comments, these fan girls give no respect of the battle and the men who died in this. They just want to watch Harry Styles. They probably don't even know that Hitlers Lighting War tactics took over France so quickly that the British had called a mass evacuation of their troops. It's just pathetic how they would watch a war movie, that was suppose to be respected and help people see the true horrors of war even though movies are historically inaccurate. It would still give you a main idea, but they would just watch it for Harry Styles. Disgusting, and Pathetic.
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeee NOLAN !!!!!!
YOUR A ACTOR HARRY
Christopher Nolan is not a director. He's something more.
I love war movies and I love Harry so this movie is making me so excited, but if someone in the theaters screams because their a directioner I'm gonna be extremely pissed off. I love my fandom but that's just annoying
HELP to EXPOSE #pizzagate - https://voat.co/v/pizzagate is a great place to start researching
I fucking love tom hardy. I fucking love Cillian Murphy. I fucking love Hans Zimmer. I fucking love Christopher Nolan. I fucking love historical films. I...ok, I'm done. I need to wipe off my screen now.
???????????€????€??????€??????€????????????€??????€??€??????????€???????????????????????????€??????????????????€??????????????????€?????????????????????????????????????rbq
am i the only one who wanted to see harry in this movie? but this movie is gonna be lit, we rarely got this kind of movies in tgr cinema?????€????????€???
what the fuck is that song it was dope
What's the point of making these movies if you're busy just allowing the scumbag Muslims to take over
Honestly, I feel like Harry is probably gonna have a small role in the film because he is still new to acting you know. People really shouldn't get their balls in a know because he was in One Direction. Like that literally shouldn't effect whether the entirety of a film is gonna be good or not because of one person. Plus, i'm sure he's gonna be great!... jungle worms
Wow that last line gave me chills. Americans were across the world, it's hard to realize they were getting slaughtered literally 100 miles from their homes.
"Check this track out guys this shit fyaa!?????€????????€????????€????????????????€???
 Link: https://soundcloud.com/klawofficial/logic-44-bars-freestyle"
"im trying to watch the video but





 TheLegend27 keeps kicking my ass"
Ya bloddy wanka
I want to watch this movie not because of Harry but it looks like it's going to be a moce movie to watch
Half of the people watching this trailer don't even know who Hitler was thanks to Harry Styles being in it.
when you no its a amrican made movie when you see allies dieing and losing the battle but different when amricans are in a war movie
another WW2 Movie...WW3 confirmed and next battlefield game will take place in WW2 Confirmed
Honestly I don't care who stars in it, I can't wait for this movie. It will be amazing no doubt, in Nolan we trust.
Holy shit....so many great actors...and Harry. I'm not hating, it's his debut and I'll judge him after the role but you people just seem to care about the curly haired kid...like ffs when I saw that Cilian Murphy was in this I got so freaking excited but everyone in the comments is like 'Harry this, Harry that." calm your titties and look at the trailer not the guy who showed his face in it for 2 seconds. Smh
My new video is upp go check it outt ?????€????????€???
the thumbnail makes it look like Battlefield 1
I love war movies and Christopher Nolan. Oh, and I just so happen to love One Direction so feel titled to your opinions after you scrolled down here in the comment section just to talk shit about Harry and his fans.
OMG HARRYY!!????????????????
HARRY????????????????????????
Like si viniste solo por Harry
can I get 40 subs before x-ma's please
If I hear one little girl yell HARYY OMG MARRY ME! I'm turning around and telling them to shut the fuck up
I'm surprised people aren't comparing this to other war films like Saving Private Ryan or Hacksaw Ridge, and rather they're talking about Battlefield 1 and Harry Styles.
Hello person reading through the comments:)
hahaha
TOM HARDY YESSSSSSS
0:47 Harry is that you mate?!
Porra Nolan cad???? interestelar 2?!
Don't like war
YEs!!!! Cillian Murphy is in it!!! I love his acting so much!!! <3
i'll watch anything if you slap 'from christopher nolan' on the front of it
Survival is victory *Goosebumps*
idiocracy movie has finally been true.
Harry ?????€???????????????????????????
People should be glad that a younger audience is going to watch this movie. We can learn from it, I'm a directioner but I'm not gonna be screaming when i see Harry. I don't want to ruin it for others
EXCITEEED
haha, my soulmate is in this movie.
Christopher Nolan showed me with the Dark Night Trilogy that movies truly can be art.
0:47 There's Harry Styles on the left.
Well,somebodies been watching Saving Private Ryan.
all the directioners are looking this, no
I watch this trailer 13 times in 3 days
Harry appears three times, one second each time and everyone is like "he's a bad actor". Hey, you don't know that! but... if he doesnt act right this time, remember it's his first movie! you're being so mean, please...
Here comes the 1D fans
This film will be inspiring and emotive.
Hey, now young fan girls gonna learn something about history of WW2
what is Bane up to Now!!!
if ur a 1D fan and ur not watching this movie at least partially bc of harry then who really are u
LOL. 35mm is now considered a "special engagement" - five years ago, it was just going to the movies as normal.
I hate it when trailers have trailers before them
I feel like it has as many views as it does because harry blah blah is in it which is a disgrace to cinema
I fucks with this, missed you Noly!
i'm emo, i am so emo. i am now trash. GOOD JOB HARRY YOUR PERFORMANCE IS A1 BABY
I have seen the titanic, but no leonardo? :/
???????????€? ???€????????????????€?
1:39 What a bless
the movie isn't even out yet and Harry did a great job already XD
I'll watch it but just for Harry. Sorry hahaha
o shite
sub to me and reply when you're done for a sub back
sub to me and reply when you're done for a sub back
So glad this trailer has more views than the fucking Despicable Me 3 trailer
if u like this comment school will be cancelled tomorrow
Why is it that when I first saw Harry I started yelling "fuck me daddy" repeatedly?
looks so boring
Music is good, the trailer is good and it's directed by Christopher Nolan. Seems like a great movie also acting so far is good
1D fans watching it for harry but harry is little appear , we expected more ....!!!!!
I'll watch it for Tommy Shelby and Alfie Solomon
This is gonna be amazing. I love every single film Christopher Nolan has put out to this day.
Jesus, i'll try to give this Harry guy a chance since this is his first time acting, but holy fuck his teenage girl fans are totally gonna ruin it by squealing overtime he appears on the screen praising him for winning an oscar for being in the god damn movie. i just hope nolan knew what he was doing when he casted this guy.
These comments...wow.
Is that Tom Hardy I spotted as one of the pilots? this movie just got more interesting for me
Kill that one direction guy first plzzzzzzzzzz
?????€????????€???
battlefield 1 gets a movie already beat that cod.
subscribe to me to get good luck forever or like this comment to get good luck for a day
Can't wait to watch this, it's like UnBroken???? ????Charlie Good Show.
Most of the people even watching this trailer are just in it for Harry Styles, probably don't even know a thing about WW2...
I Shit Under Your Tree & Ninja Kick Your?? Kidz in The Face
YAAAAASSSS HARRY THAS MY BABY FUQQ IT UO FUK YES
jose maria eirin lopez
Why didn't Chris Nolan took his regular actors like bale or Leo in this great movie....!!!
if harry dies i'm suing
This movie is going to be the best of 2017
ahhhhhhhhh grit???? cuando sali???? Harry :3 weeee!!!!
I hope this movie will show the french army sacrifice to permit english troops to move to England
Those disliking are disrespecting the dead. History deserves to be told its knowledge and every story should be heard to honor the fallen.
?????€??€?
deep inside internally screams harry styles
Battlefield 1 omg lol
Battlefield 1 omg lol
"I was about to watch the video





 But thelegend27 keeps kicking my ass"
Another WW2 movie, the Germans should have won.. the world have been a better place now
hARRY NO
Who r they fighting
Reaction Video in my channel :P
A lot of news outlets on snapchat and YouTube are saying how Harry looks amazing but he doesn't have any lines in the trailer but if I'm not mistaken he clearly says "Where are we going?" After it displays 'THIS SUMMER' on the screen
I have no idea what that movie is, or may be about. Where am I?
When you scroll through the comments to see the hate comments about Harry Styles but all you see is comments complaining about the hate comments.
its trending #1
SUMMER BETTER HURRY UP BECASE I NEED TO SEE THIS
nolan knows his fucking cast let's go
What's up guys if u sub to me and reply saying "aqua" then I will sub to you and I just really want to reach my goal.
IM LEGIT FUCKIN HYPED
www.gofundme.com/8q-help-a-gamer-out
"Hello. I am back with another comment speech to raise awareness. Reply, Like and Subscribe to see my previous one. Please click [read more] to help many people.






 The Syrian refugee crisis. This is a terrible thing that is happening because groups in Syria are fighting. Then multiple terrorist groups enter the area to take advantage of the war. Groups like ISIS don't care who they kill. They kill people who disagree with their extreme views. Because of this, people like you and I are fleeing from their country to other countries that will let refugees in. Sometimes they need to travel across the water in tiny boats with hundreds of other people on them. On these boats, people fall off and drown. Others starve or get sick. Personally, I think we aren't doing enough to help these people. By ""us"", I mean the U.S., other countries and everyday people like you and me. To raise awareness send, comment, text, email or share these hashtags: #WeCanHelpSyrianRefugees | #SRC | #StableSyria | #SyrianRefugeeCrisis Keep in mind, kids can help spread awareness too. I know this because I am 10 years old and I am in 5th Grade. If you want to help, write comments like this with the hashtag: #CommentSpeech"
Sweet
"Survival is victory." Maybe if you're a pussy.
There are so many reasons I'll see this movie.
Weird. I just started watching all the Detective Foyle episodes and this was mentioned and even had this specific thing talked about.
Yall search up "Xone ft. Sonny" and comment if you like....Thank me later
Thought this was a commercial but it wasn't.
I swear to god If I see a fangirl in the theater making lots of during the movie I will tell her to please shut the fuck up or I will get an employee working there a little harsh but I want to enjoy this movie ( ???????? ???????€? ???????? )
KD OS BR PORRA?
okay I'm a history nerd ( a big one) WWII is one of my favorite points in history. Christopher Nolan's movie looks spectacular as always. So anytime I see a war movie I'm all for it. It just so happens I'm also a one direction fan so Harry in the movie is an added plus. As he said in an interview before "Don't knock it till you try it." so the same goes to you. don't judge anyone's acting ablities before you see the movie ???????€??????€???
DO CARALHOOOO
highkey this comment section is the worst :))))))))))) lmao i always tell myself "don't read youtube comments" and what do i always do? read youtube comments. one day i will learn.
did any of you see harry styles at 0:47
Did Warner bros ask Battlefield 1 to make a movie if yes this movie will be epic and make battlefield 1 a LEGEND
guys I have 17 subs my goal is 3 more which is 20 please luke and subcribe me.every sub counts!
Great, now this cast can get back to work on The Peaky Blinders
is hans zimmer in this movie ??
looked boring for a war movie? or it this just me?
Omg it's a Dooms Day movie
OMG I have been waiting for another Christopher Nolan film YES!!!
Okay so I am going through the comments and I see more people complaining about the DIRECTIONERS then the DIRECTIONERS complaining about the movie. TBH I'm here to watch Harry and I give no craps what you think! If this movie gets younger generations to watch the movie, then go Harry. You may all think that it's a stupid idea for us DIRECTIONERS watching it because of Harry then too bad. I watched Ghost Busters because Zayn song was on it. So you have no right to say all of this crap about us because we are supporting our idols . You would do it for your own idols so... Practice what you preach guys.
If anyone subscribes to me I will subscribe back just reply I subscribed
this is movie is about which battle?
Ww1 uniform ww2 planes ???????€????????€? nice
harry styles oh my gah
What is scarecrow doing here?
I heard a rumor an authentic German aircraft is to be destroyed during the filming of this movie, I think that would be most disrespectful, does anyone have more info?
In Nolan We Trust
nolan knows his shit. I trust the cast.
Use the correct German fighter, instead of that imitation Spanish nonsense. The movie is ruined for me =/
Teenage girls in the movie theatres to watch a Christopher Nolan movie.... The gentlemen and gentlewomen who came to actually see the "Movie" are going to pissed because of the hormones filled theatre :P
I can already tell fan girls will c this just for Harry Styles. And not for the history/director.
These lots principal pcqgxc chicken racism extension automobile.
Fuck u warner bros
Christopher nolan is the best!!!
It's sad that my history teachers in America didn't cover this history after hearing Harry styles was going to be in plus I'm a Harry styles fan I'm started watching documentary about this and it's so intersting to learn about this I just don't get why in America they don't cover this part of the history in ww2
My BAE is in there !!!
Harry Styles ????????
This seems like a really really good movie
Check out my Madden 17 realistic franchise today!
I'm a fan of Harry, don't get me wrong, but why the FUCK is he all we're talking about in the comment section? How about some discussion about the actual movie? I'm interested to see how they portray the historical events. I'm interested in doing some research to learn more about the battle of Dunkirk. Let's shift this conversation, okay? Realize that the movie is about actual soldiers who died and risked their lives. Respect that please.
Amazing!
we have to save harry
a fuckign evacuation deserves a movie now?
#RIPCOD
This is probably the worst edited trailer I've ever seen in my life. So boring. Christopher Nolan deserves a better editor than this.
YO SOLO QUIERO VER A HARRY
Lots of people think that Directioners are gonna watch Dunkirk only for Harry Styles and not for WWII, let me tell you something, many of us are interested about that big historical event. If we love a guy from a band, it doesn't mean that we don't care about history.
en que minuto aparece Harry Styles????
wow , sembra un filmone
Move of depopulation.......
I'm fine with harry being in the movie and all, but I better not hear little girls screaming everytime he comes on the screen in the theatre.
MY HARRY STYLES
I don't really see the plot of the movie? they just look kinda stranded on a beach it doesn't really look like they're fighting back or anything it just looks like death everywhere
ok I originally only came here for harry but damn this movie looks really good and I'm actually excited about seeing a movie for once
Can y'all stfu and stop saying "Omg, I don't get why everyone's hating on Harry". There are more prebuscent girls saying that than there are old men complaining about hairy. We get it.
Ojal???? y no la doblen al espa????ol, que quiero escuchar la voz del harry ???????????????€?
"I'm a Harry girl myself, but it sucks when people pay attention to the trailer not because of the depth of it but because of Harry. When this movie depicts a chunk of insight about the WW2 and how Christopher Nolan would smash this again. I'm sorry to the Harry girls out there even though I'm also one, this movie wouldn't be known because of the impact of the plot behind the story, but fangirls seeing Harry Styles acting. They're all worried about Harry Styles getting killed and all, well also a lot of people died here. Not only Harry, if ever. You kinda like over shadow other actors acting by focusing on to one thing and that's unfair. I'm a WW2 junkie, and I've known this to be made before Harry Styles was casted because of Benedict Cumberbatch's series potrayal of Dunkirk many years ago.

 If you're gonna go into the cinema, refrain yourself from squealing and being over joyed about seeing Harry because this is not about Harry. This is about our history and we should respect it as other audience are not there to focus on one thing but the plot and everything else. Please, I beg you, let's be mature about this. Honestly I'm a big fan. I love Harry Styles since boot camp, but making Harry seem more important than other characters is just... Not right.

 PLEASE DIRECTIONERS, LET'S BE MATURE ABOUT THIS, I know you're all excited but this isn't all about Harry,'kay? I'm not hating or anything, I'm just saying so people wouldn't be discourage in watching this. Because some of them are actually interested in the story. I've seen a lot of WW2 war movies, one of them is Saving Private Ryan. And I'll be looking forward for this movie since I'll be watching this with my parents as they also love war movies like me. And directioners again, STAY CALM."
can't wait
"Fucking Tommy Shelby
 ?????????"
battlefield 1 DLC CONFIRM
if people really have such a problem with harry styles being in this movie because hes part of one direction, imo u guys r the crazy ones not the fans. because really how is one person gonna ruin a whole movie with really good actors in it for you? i dont get it. it also bugs me thats people are mad because some teenage girls are just gonna go see it because of him and not because the respect the history of the movie. ya know whaaat. thats a main reason they probably casted him so people who wouldnt normally choose a movie like that would still go see it. also if you go through the comments there are plenty of people saying they r only going to see it because of cillian murphy. so isnt that the same idea? why dont u get mad at those people too? i genuinely dont get why people are getting so upset because one person they dislike for whatever reason is in a movie. like chill out who know maybe he'll be good or maybe his character will die 5minutes in? just chill out and enjoy the movie when it comes out dont go in hating it just because you hate one person in the entire thing. ok bye.
I swear if Harry dies I'm gonna be pissed
???????? If I could I would save Harry from the water it hurts me seeing him suffering even if he's just acting
Can't wait to see my baby Harry Styles in theaters
who is harry styles now..???? all i know is it Christopher Nolan and Dunkirk.
I don't get this trailer someone please don't comment on my comment
I already see one major problem with this movie ............ Harry Styles is in it
Is this a movi???? about people just being slaughtered lol
This just got me in the mood for battlefield 1
Hehe I saw a Canadian flag
Everyone's like "oh Harry styles in this movie its going to suck" or "wow have a famous person in the movie half of the people are going to be his fans". Yeah you know what half of them probably are going to be his fans. And you know what else? Harry had to work his ass off to get this role because he KNEW he was famous and KNEW it was going to be hard. Like come on people grow up. If Chris didn't think he had potential then he wouldn't be in the movie at all. All the cast crew have given him great reviews and Chris SAID. IT.HIMSELF. That Harry Styles was FIT to play this role. He knows what he's doing and if you don't like it don't go and watch the damn movie.Simple.
is that Harry Styles?! He can't act!!!!
I'm a 1D fan but frankly I'm just here because I love War movies so much
Hopefully Harry Dies :D
I just hope everyone takes away from this what really happened at Dunkirk instead of how well or bad an actor played in it
hey... thats pretty good
I'm so excited omg ?????????
This better be rated R
"""After the events of the Peaky Blinders comes Dunkirk""

 get it because like Cillian Murphy.. get it. ok ill shut up."
1:28 that music is great
Whose watching this just because Christopher Nolan directed it?
Harry Styles!! o my goodness congrats on your first movie
More American shite
Expecting some scifi plot twists and mindblowing conclusions.
please sub to my channel im a small youtube gamer with 8 subs and 69 views please sub to help me create better content for my fans. pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
AAAAA FUCKKK
definitely going to see that
Dunkirk is going to be the best film of 2017 :)
This looks like a generally great movie. It's fine that it has harry styles in it but that shouldn't distract people from the story it's trying to tell. Maybe, just maybe the fan girls will shut up for once??
tubes check out free for gems
why can't people just enjoy things? if someone wants to watch the movie because of the concept, that's fine. if someone wants to watch the movie because of the actors, that's fine. if someone wants to watch the movie for the hell of it, that's fine. if we try and take away why people enjoy things, we will be ruining their enjoyment. is that really the point of a film, to tear people down because of their reasoning?
battlefield1
Christopher Nolan is like that uncle that lives really far away that you don't see a lot but whenever you do he always brings great presents.
Why the heck is everyone hating on Harry Styles? God, his first movie and y'all are being so hateful. Leave him alone! He's done nothing to you in general so why say you hate him and wish he would die in real life or that he should kill himself? Be a bit respectful next time folks, it's not funny.
Theyre taking butters
I swear to god, this better be Historically accurate. Also why did that guy think it was a good idea to shoot his Lee Enfield at a BF109?
So basically battlefield one with better graphics
my baby at 1:44. i think i'm gonna cry
I love WWII type movies and video games. I love learning about the history and events during the war. What it was like in Europe, the US, and in the Pacific. Loved Saving Private Ryan, Life is Beautiful, CoD WaW, CoD 2, Band of Brothers, and The Pacific.
Who else is here because you were wondering what was #1 on trending? ????????
?????????€??????€??????€??????????????€????????????????€???
Ok attracting a younger audience because of Harry styles is great. But if your only seeing it because of harry styles than I have a problem. Your not even respecting the history in the movie and the brave men involved.
did anyone else notice Harry from one direction at 0:47
I you love Christopher Nolan you will sub to me. If you don't like him, you will ignore this comment.
I'm gonna watch this movie just because Harry is it.
If Christopher Nolan writes and directs it, Hans Zimmer scores it, and Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy act in it, then I'll watch it. Period.
trending number 1 in india, Kristofer Nolan????????
dolan never dissapoints me, I'm so excited for this movie, not because of Harry, It's just I love this kinda of films with all my heart
im supposed to be watching world war but this one plane keeps bombing our ass
it's easy to forget that ww2 wasn't actually in black & white...
Choosing to love people well shows the world what God is like. - Living in the Light https://odb.org/kgb/
Amo a Harry ok
Battlefield 1 DLC looks great
FINALLY a battlefield 1 live action movie
2018 Oscar for Best Sound Editing and Sound Mixing for sure !!
so when can we get some movies that show the german sides of the war? they may have been nazis but the men fighting were no different to the men on the other teams
Deutsche Amateure Kostenlose xx am strand: https://mobile.twitter.com/RawHardcore/status/809576219507380225
What the hell is Dunkirk?
Well this looks depressing as shit
i caem
"imo Saving Private Ryan and Band of Brothers kinda set the bat kinda high when it comes to making me feel like i am in the middle of combat...i didn't get that adrenaline from this trailer or the 1st one they put out, <mind you this film has high caliber actors in it, but the action or what transforms me into is not there...just saying lets see when its finally out.

 If you share my views THUMBS UP"
It's so cool that there's more WW1 stuff happening. It's a really interesting and terrifying war but most of the attention was put on WW2 for the longest time.
?????€??????€?part time job at home work 2 hour par day company government registered earn 500 to 1000 daily if u interested then message me whatsapp 8347537802
It's amazing to see how many movies are made evolving around the topic of war.What's more amazing is their ability to convince the audience how much American soldiers are fighting for a "nobel" reason and protecting people while in fact they are terrorizing and bombing,in fact ,innocent women,children & elderly people. Snakes
Is anyone else screaming their head off or is it just me?!?!? Like I'm mean come on
Who else is watching it just because of Christopher Nolan?
You else came here because of 1D?
Would be nice if we could get at least a glimpse of the axis perspective in any hollywood piece.
HARRY???? WHY???????
The enemy is being reinforced with a behemoth
It's like Pearl Harbor but for Britain
hope its as good as the preview
Warner Bros Never Misses!!! This looks like flies view on the beaches of Normandy. Don't know how they do it..
The cause and struggle during the war is only disrespected and ignored by the new generation and the media behind this movie. It's sad.
Looks phenomenal! Looks a lot like Saving Private Ryan.
Nolan in my opinion always delivers good films, i am sure this will be a great film.
Merece un puto Gramm
A la Puta madre es Harry Styles Ahhhh Harry
solo voy a verla porque esta harry obvio
I bet most of you watched it because Harry was in it.
This is my fifth time watching it.
"I am not a fan of Harry Styles, nor do I hate him. To all the people who are unhappy with him being casted in the movie, just remember that this is a Christopher Nolan film and he knows real talent. Styles must be good thats why he bagged the role in a Nolan film. If this was a movie by any other director, I would have questioned about casting Styles too, but I have complete trust in Nolan and his casting choice.
 #InNolanWeTrust"
it looks a little tiny bit shitty tbh (based on the trailer)
I don't know why but I love Christopher Nolan movies. They are too good to be true yet very dark and edgy and fascinating
I don't mind harry styles at all, I actually want him to to good (because why would I want him to be bad?).If you're watching for harry styles,that's not bad, just don't ruin the movie.
You know what? I know who Harry Styles is but I don't know what he looks like. I don't know who he is in this trailer. I don't care. Bring it.
this is the #1 trending thing wow
loving the new battlefield
PeakyBlinders
Just look at that white male privilege,it should be women and minority's instead can't believe how racist and sexist we are!
"Comments
 95% complaining about how everyone is complaining how Harry Styles is in this movie
 4% complaining that Harry Styles is in this movie
 1% comments relevant to the movie

 0000000.1% this comment"
A very solid concept for a movie but the movie itself looks like SHIT! Saving private ryan was made in 1999, and it looks like it blows this film out of the water.
"One like= Marry the love of your life
 One sub= All your dreams become true
 Scroll Past= the opposite of everything good happens to you"
Fu** that 1D shit and enjoy the movie/trailer, PLEASE!
Nolan just worked his movie making magic once again, and another one of my pants ruined by pure awesomeness...
It's not a flick, YouTube. It's kino.
"its only highly anticipated because tom hardy is in it.






 all hail the legend Tom Hardy"
"Everyone Else: OMG! Harry Styles!!!

 Me: OMFG!!! CILLIAN MURPHY!!! ????????????????????????"
I'm just here for Chris Nolan and Hans Zimmer
Help me reach 400 Subs! Like and reply to this comment so other people can see it let me know if you subscribed.
Kenneth branagh has no lips lmao
holy shit this looks amazing
Harry Styles will be fine if he's a good actor, save your hate for if/when he sucks
chris nolan is a god
I love Harry Styles
et bien sur rien sur l'arm????e Fran????aise qui a combattue et sauv????e l'arm????e Anglaise de la destruction totale , notamment la premi????re arm????e Fran????aise qui a tenue t????te a 7 divisions allemande !
Battlefield 1 WW2 DLC
HARRY?????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?
Is it weird that Kenneth Branagh was the most exciting actor to me in this trailer?
I want to see this for 3 reasons.
The only reason I'm watching this is cause of Harry styles......
400,000 were on the beach, only 200,000-150,000 made it out
my god that was good! Defintly gonna watch it
They may as well play the glitch mob - seven nation army remix on this trailer.
ser???? una gran pelicula
"These brave and courageous man sacrificed their lives and let their children orphans, in a hell of a war that was WW2

 thanks to them you can now live in a free world in which you can listen your boy band and even go to watch this movie and see him

 if you're a 1D fan, ok, but also remember the very people who fought and went through so much shit and hell, so you could have that privilege today"
This looks like a good movie finally
???€?????????????????
Who's Larry Style?
miracle of Dunkirk
Well, I couldn't see a single French soldier in there. I know the Brits and other Commonwealth folks are mad at the Americans for snubbing their contributions in American war films, but that's not a good reason to do exactly the same to them Frenchies.
im not watching this movie because of some over rated white boy that can sing
Is evan peters in this movie, because i thought i saw him? It was probably just Harry
70MM- movie is going to be the bomb.
I'm not even a 1D fan and I think it's cool that harry styles is in this. Hell, he's making more money alone in this movie than most people complaining in a year haha.
Some people fail to realize that having Harry in the film will make people talk about it even more, just look at the comments. It's not like he's the main character anyway, people need to chill.
I'm not gonig to watch the movie, cause there's already too much death around the world, we don't need to watch it in the movies too.
The official chat group for fans of this , please join and share with your friends, want to make a big community :)))) https://discord.gg/h3Kwdcb
"They push. We push. Every once and a while we push hard enough that the light breaks through the clouds and a world beyond the war glimmers. Just out of reach. The war is the world, and the world is the war. But behind every gun sight is a human being. We are those people. We are the jaded. We are the naive. We are the honorable. And the criminal. We are the bound for legend. And the loss to history. We are the knights of the sky, the ghosts in the desert and the rats in the mud. These are our stories."
My baby
i love a good war movie but i didnt like this trailer..didnt get me excited to see this at all..the first teaser was good..this was meh
Let's be honest who's here for Harry????????€?????????
"The event that shaped our world" um... no... lmfao
"lol, watch the fans of 1D screaming cause of Harry.
 they better not tho, I'm tryna watch a movie!???????€?"
First I was like "wtf no way this is harry styles", then I opened up the comment section, lo and behold
No(((???????????????€????????€?
A film about the Battle of Britain with Tom Hardy as the lead. Just sayin. ?????€???????????
"I don't give a fuck that Harry Styles is in this movie. It's another WWII movie, I'm watching this shit.
 (Plus, Christopher Nolan.)"
jai pas vu la video pcq est plate comparer aux miennes sti de fucker videos
Man Dunkirk a fucking disaster of a battle. I remember it from history class. It was an absolute bloodbath.
You came back to die with your city
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€??????????????????€??????????????????€??????€?
Nolan movie, count me in
The fact that so many got home from this battle was a miracle in its self. Proud to have known a late family member who was one of those lucky enough to survive Dunkirk and go on again to take the fight to the Nazis in Normandy. Brave men all of them. Will be filled with a real sense of pride watching this movie.
more jew propoganda
Meh.
Heil Hitler!
I generally hate war movies so if I were to watch this it's for one reason only and that reason is Harold Edward Styles and I ain't ashamed to admit it!
HARRY NICNSDDCS
Que se nos ahoga el sirenito :'v
#AFTER_LONG_#SEARCH_I_FOUND #A_REAL_WORK_FROM_HOME_OFFER NOW CHECK JOINING PROCESS ?????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?Go to playstoreInstall Champcash Sign up with ChampcashFill all details Fill *sponser I'd 2543230*Complete Challenge it's only for one time in life*Training and guidance i will given to youfree full support any timeWhatsapp me 9879977071
where was harry styles in this trailer? i never saw him
"Hmm
 Seems pretty hype"
This looks like a good film /,,/ I will definitely be watching
Am I the only one not bothered about Harry Styles being in this film? Sure it'll bring a different type of audience to the film, but that's what we want. So others can see what happened and what these people went through (However accurately). Besides, Christopher Nolan wouldn't have casted Styles if he was a terrible actor
can people sub and view my channel
Doesn't look that good from the trailer, but Nolan is the goat so I have faith
Finally a movie about Dunkirk!
the fps is terrible
This just makes me want to watch Atonement again
Amazing trailer.Love you #Nolan.Nice job #Wbpictures.
Heath Ledger wasn't the obvious choice for the Joker either. We all know how that turned out. This cast looks really promising. I just hope Nolan implements some sort of mind-fuck :)
didnt even notice harry styles in trailer lol
Christopher Nolan ?????€????
ohmy..Harry is hot as nevermind..but he's so freaking hot????????i'm gonna melt????????
honestly I'm so excited for this film beacause I've always been a fan of Christopher Nolan's movies and luckily I happen to like Harry Styles as well but overall he's just a bonus to me in this. Can't wait!
Guarantee you Harry styles won't have a major part in this movie. For example look at other singers in films, they usually cause the problem or help by just passing the good guy the gun to do all the work. His Fan base is already showing up in the comments and it is already annoying. Trailer could've been better though, only watching because of Christopher Nolan.
Why are people so salty they seen no french soldiers in this beach? Literally heard a few people talk, this is a TRAILER, of course none of the protagonists will be French when it's based on a British evacuation and targeted to an English audience...
So, I don't know who the fuck this Harry Styles person is, but can we at least give him a chance before bitching about him being in this movie?
way more comments complaining about 1D stans than them actually commenting. but ppl who are hating on the movie bc harry is in it, wtf? he doesn't change anything it's still a freaking movie
Honestly looks incredibly boring...
Why can't I see comments
what is the music at the end?
Harry styles?
I really hope this is R-rated. You can't capture the brutality of war with a PG-13 rating.
BF1 looks dope
si esa pelicula se estrena en Latinoam????rica, la ver???? por 2 razones por que se me hace una pelicula con historia y por Harry ?????€??€??????€???
Coming from a person whose, grandfather fought at Dunkirk, and told me what really happened there, although I would never understand what those people went through, I'm disgusted by the arguments between people on the simple fact that Harry Styles is in the movie. Don't even want to know how much pain my grandfather would feel if he were still alive, if this is how people commemorate those who fought in WW2 by augmenting over some super star. I understand that people can't always be mature, but seriously for once grow up.
si esa pelicula se estrena en Latinoam????rica, la ver???? por 2 razones por que se me hace una pelicula con historia y por Harry ?????€??€??????€???
Hate one direction but Christopher Nolan only chooses an actor if they are top class , harry will get an award for this movie
man I love our soilders they got the real ballz of steel
"chris nolan tom hardy



 take my money"
zpitfires fuck yea
Seems like a great movie but why does it have to come out in the summer
Just because he was in One Direction singing about teenage girls doesn't me he's a bad actor. You guys need to stop being so negative about others and just give them a chance.
No Michael Caine to be seen anywhere!
Christopher Nolan could have done more with this movie . This trailer wasn't as exciting as his other movies.
Great
????-????????, ???????????????????????€????????????? ???????????????????€? ???????????????????????€????? ???€????????????????????? ????????????????€????????? ???€????????????????????€????????? ???? ????????????????????????????.
Dunquerque
BOOOOYYYY ALL I CAME FOR WAS HARRY!! MY BABY! if he die I'm going off!!!
I don't care about some teeny bopper being in this movie, what I care about is that this story is finally being told in a way that the masses will pay attention to. Dunkirk was simultaneously a disaster and a miracle and it should never be forgotten.
I'm really gonna be annoyed if I hear a girl screaming behind me whenever they see Harry Styles on the screen but I hope this movie is rated r so most of them can't go anyway LOL
So excited and so proud of Harry. I know he's going to shock everyone with his acting - he's very underestimated
Going to admit i was intending to watch this just to support Harry. But omg this movie looks so bloody good !!
harry looks so cute ????????
This great movie is gonna be ruined at the cinema by hordes of one directioners hoping to get one last glimpse of Harry styles, not doubting that hes a good actor but it will really ruin it if there are lots of people there who can't appreciate the film for what it is.
Mmmhhhg look boring and whyy him tucking hate his guts
I might give a GoPro on my channel away soon, sub and u are entered
50 LIKES AND ILL JUMP OFF MY ROOF ONTO MY TRAMPOLINE and maybe make a backyard foam pit. It's pretty high lol
slave and war movies are trash
I'm just here for Tom Hardy
I want to watch this movie but I'm 12 so I can't but it looks so good
"Dunkirk" ?
more hardy motafukas
This BF109 sounds xDDDD GG WP ...
"To all the casuals making bf1 jokes, its world war 2 you uneducated degenerate fucks.

 and for the people complaining about harry styles, hes not even the main character and i doubt hell be in the movie for more than 30 seconds.
 and for the ones saying youre only watching it for harry, HES NOT EVEN THE MAIN CHARACTER OR A MINOR CHARACTER hes just an extra"
IM SO EXCITED
IM SO EXCITED AND HARRY STYLES COMES OUT AND I LITERALLY ALMOST CRIED WHEN I SAW HARRY DROWNING LIKE NO MY BABY ILL SAVE YOUU
La pel????cula que ser???? m????s vista por Directioners que cualquier otra persona <3
The comments section makes me want to cry
Songname? And please, it's not 'Darude - Sandstorm'!!!
Omg harry wtf I screamed
Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy. :S Yesssssssssss
Which one is harry styles
I feel like they might've included a lot of Harry Styles in the trailer to attract fans
am i the only one who didn't realise that the faggot from 1D wasn't in this trailer.. too busy watching Cillian Murphy a very good actor... well act.
harry
IS this Operation SeaLion? where hitler tried to invade Britain?
Harry styles what
Study concentration ocean slow detective education weather
Harry Styles? oh shit
how about everyone just lets everyone watch this movie for whatever reason they want to? if someone wants to watch for harry, shut up and let them. if someone wants to watch for the history, shut up and let them. if someone wants to watch because they are simply intrigued, shut up and let them. if someone wants to watch for any fucking reason, even if it might be different then your reason for watching, shut and let them. jesus.
der film wird sicher gut, h????sslich bin ich trotzdem
Well I'm 25 years old. And I'm excited to see how Harry did his job in acting.
"What's this!?





 A Christopher Nolan movie without Michael Caine!!! But in all honesty does anyone know if he's actually going to be in this one"
Who's goin to do a search about Dunkirk on Wikipedia after this?
Harry is that you ?!?!!?
GONNA WATCH IT ONLY FOR MY BABT HARRY
HARRY STYLES IM
The film is historically inaccurate, terrible film, work of fiction.
Hardy styles is in it? No thanks.
En fran????ais ????a ce dit Dunkerque
It is really sad people come here for Harry not for Nolan!!!!
this shit got me hard m8
https://soundcloud.com/cvlypso6ik66
Anyone else playing Hearts of Iron 4: Together for Victory?
So excited xxx looks really good because 1. I love history and 2. TBH the majority of people going to watch this is because HARRY Styles is in it and I'm not complaining ????????????????????????
Zshjxdpkm,
is this when they blow up the Arizona ship
"they all die
 the end"
???????????????????? ???€?????????????????????€?. ???????????????????????????????????? ???????????????? ?????????????? ???????? ????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????€?.
Ahhh harry ????????????????????????
Does [HD] really need to be in the title/heading? Doesn't the modern person already assume that an official trailer will be in HD?
I'll watch this movie just because it is a history. i dont care about famous actor/actress. if people who watch this movie just because its handsome actor/beauty actress, maybe they dont have a respect about all hero of the war, they fought with spirit and their blood. history is for our education...dont blame me btw
I'm gonna open a new coffee shop and will call it "Dunkirk Do Not".
when harry in the movie ???????€?
Hi, this is WWI right?
battlefield 1.2 100%real no fake 4k 1 link mega
Harry Styles ?????€????
Wow! Battlefield 1 Remastered looks cool!
.
Our biggest defeat, our greatest victory.
French... Good job, British... Tell your Soldiers to stop killing Irish men ;-)
Am I the only one here going for Kenneth Branagh?
Zero chance they address the 51st Highland division Churchill ordered abandoned.
I HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE
Franchement j'appr????cie beaucoup Nolan mais si dans le film il mentionne pas les fran????ais qui se sont battus comme des lions pour couvrir l'op????ration dynamo, il aura perdu mon estime.
trailer should have been better
This looks like such a great movie!!!
come check my youtube out and maybe sub!!!
Is Dunkirk in England ?
Who the fuck is that guy?
Check out my account please
Solo vine por Harry Styles
No more brother wars.
Cool a there making a bf1 movie
Who else came for Harry?
In 70mm wie auch the Hateful 8, sehr geil. W????rde ich gerne mal sehen in nem speziellem Kino
White people problems. Fuck them.
Harry Styles?????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?The only reason I'm gonna watch this movie!!!
Its my bday can i get to 50 subs today? ill check tomorrow and hopefully i could be past 50 :D thank you
"To everyone complaining that a One Direction person is in this movie:

 I'll say it right now, I hate 1D too, but that should not distract us from the important thing, what this movie is about. This movie is going to focus on what happened at Dundirk in 1940-41ish, where in WW2, the British army was stuck on a beach and the entire British navy, along with any ship they could find, picked up the people and took them to Britain in a massive retreat. A single actor should not ruin that, this is probably a very good movie and I might watch it. BUT 1D SHOULD NOT PREVENT YOU FROM WATCHING A F**KING MOVIE!!!"
Anthropoid is a good movie too. I'm watching this solely based on the fact that Cillian Murphy is in it.
"This comment section:

 70% 1D fans writing comments that took them 1h telling people to stop hating on Harry Styles.

 5% hating in Harry Styles

 10% Talking about BF1 (which makes no sense because BF1 is played in WW1 not WW2)

 10% talking about the sounds the airplanes make.

 5% other random shit."
harry stylesss????????????????????????????????
IF HARRY DIES, I'M GONNA CRI
Remember reading about Dunkirk though we didn't get too into it since it was US history but it seemed very interesting.
Holy shit it's ya boy Paddy Irishman from The Wind That Shakes The Barley!
Actually rather excited to what Harry Styles can do.
You dumbfucks are still going on about Harry, lol get over it. Deal with it, he's in the movie.
???????? WoW. The video was so emotional. I guess it's all about hope, bravery and survival. The 3 words are small but have a very BIG meaning behind it.
JUST SAW?? HARRY
Hey person scrolling trough the youtube comments i hope you have a wonderfull day. From a small youtube! So close to 2K <3
i cried at 1:39
boring
This film will be the end of me.
When you pause the video at 1:03 and you see the Bf 109 it seems to have a big cooler underneath the engine? Looks like the Hispano Versions from the Battle of Britain Movie, so are they taking real planes? On the other hand at 1:47 it looks like a Bf 109 Emil.
Germans did kill some... rip to the brave man, who lost their life's i seen this story on bbc history
Am I the only one around here who's excited about the actual movie and not about the actors
I swear,didn't even notice the guy was in the movie
???€????????? ???????€????????€? ?????????????????????????????????????€????? ???€?????????????????)
Larry is real
SUB if your here for Harry
i like 1D and all but i mean the movie looks really good with or without harry.
I am not posting an ad I am posting people goto ubisoft in their web browser and get 7 free games its a give away and its not even my give away its ubisoft on their own website. I am just pointing out i got 7 free games and it ends on the 18thI am purposely not giving a link so you can see it is legitprince of persia sands of time splinter cell rayman origins the crew beyond good & evil far cry 3 blood dragon assassins creed III
That looks insane I wanta see it!
I hope Harry dies in the movie so I can just hear teenage girls gasping in the theatre
What war is this?
1D fans just ruined the movie because they said there was Harry. I don't care who is in the film unless I don't know the director. I preferred not noticing him and make it a better experience. God damn it
0:26 to 0:30 reminds me of the Twenty One Pilots song "march to the sea"
Remember when the comment section for Nolans movies were intelligent and perceptive movie watchers who had a love for art and his brilliant directing? I miss that, because now it's a bunch of ignorant girls talking about an extreme minor character named Harry Styles who will have no impact on the film and will most likely die in the initial attack of Dunkirk. All we can do is hope Nolans next movie doesn't have a boy band singer so we can go back to an intelligent comment section.
Yall hear that damn score jesus christ this movie look hella good
Mark Rylance, Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy! This is going to be an interesting film.
Erich von Manstein damn you xD
OMG OMG OMG ???????????????? HARRY ???????????????????????? I WANT TO SCREAM ?????????????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€??????€????????????€??????????????????€????????????€??????€?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€??????????????????????????????€????????????????????????€??????€??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I love harry styles sooooooo much. but I don't even like 1D...
YAAS HARRY!!!!! THAT'S MY BOY!!!!
Does anyone even talk about the 40,000 French soldiers who sacrificed themselves and got slaughtered in Lille to slow the attack and save the English in Dunkirk ? no ?! well I guess the French are cowards and the Brit's are heroes...
Zack Snyder is losing it
????????????
28 days later? Not everyone will get this
My teachers son is in this I forgot what he's called though. He left school for 3 months to support him.
#ERROR!
Oh my god, I just screamed. So excited to see this??????€?I adore history movies.
"Would it help?"
Anyone here for Harry?
BEURK
I'm laughing at the people who think they're insulting Harry stans, you calling him a queer when someone ask"who's harry?", I'm like trueee haha
"dunkirk or Dunkerque
 lol"
"where u wanna eat?
 OMG I dunkirk"
I honestly can't wait to watch this movie.. Love Christopher's work.
Des femmes : https://www.amazon.fr/Comment-rencontrer-s%C3%A9duire-femme-r%C3%AAves/dp/1533161917/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1481838783&sr=8-1&keywords=comment+rencontrer+et+seduire
Is that the actor from Peaky Blinders?
did anyone else see harry styles?
Yo
look down in the comments all I see is harry style I look at the trailer I see?? a story being told a story that is most part truth?? cant wait to see!
am I the only one who here for harry and that's because I'm a directioner or....
I CANNOT WAIT TO SEE HARRY IN THIS MOVIE
Harry Styles vs. Hitler
dbrand.com/winners
Is this hanz zimmer music?
BATTLEFIELD 1. THE MOVIE.
i bet it will end in a cliffhanger
Harry con not die in this movie I swear to god
It's My Birthday today!!!
Looks good but I hope that the actors are good and weren't just given roles because they're already famous and can pull in fan girls. Is Harry styles the lead actor? Has he played in any other movies or is this his first role?
I wonder how the movies were if hitler win this war
Looks good
thomas fucking shelby
okay people need to stop hating on Harry. he's an amazing actor or he would have been casted.
My dad really wants to see this as do I and I hope Harry has a lot of screen time / is good at acting. :)
am I the only one who thinks Christopher Nolan loves battlefield1.
The story looks like medal of honor (the game)!
Harry????????????????????????????????????????
anyone else have an Orgasms during the video
"I FUCKING LOVE HARRY STYLES
 ANY DIRECTIONERS"
HARRY
1:30 music ??
I swear if a bunch of two year old fangirls ruin this movie for me...
"Wow,this looks pretty dark

 I hope its satisfying"
There's about to be so many teenage girls watching this movie (including me lmao)
HARRY
View my Page and sub for more content give away soon!!!!!!! Dat Wayyyyyyyy
Interesting how we never see Vietnam movies anymore. Yet predictably zio-wood pumps out multiple WWII movies every year.
Storm fail reputation trip nut.
great that he made a movie about Dunkirk you want to talk balls take a fishing boat into a military fight i just cant wait for this one it is one event i have studied somewhat and its just shocking at the luck of bad calls by Hitler and the sheer dedication and power of the flag to call men to lay down there life for there brother while not in any uniform no orders just understanding that we must go help they should have never made it off the beach other than surrender but they did, i hope they did a good job on the movie
I think I'm one of the only fans who actually thinks this is going to be a good movie regardless of who's in it. But maybe I'm wrong; just because we're fans of a member of a boy band doesn't mean we can't appreciate a good movie. Seriously, this is ridiculous. He's a singer who gets a part in a movie and people say that they're not going to see it because it's going to be ruined by screaming 13 year old girls. I'd watch this movie even if Harry wasn't in it. Everyone says we need to grow up, maybe you guys should grow up too and learn anyone can appreciate a movie.
So weird seeing the old Canadian flag
Mark Wahlberg and Will Smith were both rappers before they became Oscar-nominated actors. I'm sure Harry Styles will be just fine in this movie.
I hope theres no one direction song in this quite possibly might beat saving private ryan movie
#NAME?
Harry my baby ????????
gabynoya
Me pregunto si soy la ????nica que vino s????lo por Harry Styles.
What do you reckon the over/under is on them escaping and at least one person dies?
boooooring !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cillian murphy is a legend
is that harry styles at 0:48
This looks intense. So going to watch this movie! Don't care who Harry Styles is as long as he can act well.
NICE BROS
Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer = Orgasm
this is going to dehydrate me from the crying!
is this world war 1 or 2?
"An all-white movie, wonderful. I really like how the directors didn't sacrifice historical accuracy just to appease to the ""progressive"" SJW crowd by artificially ""diversifying"" the movie.
 I really don't have anything against black people, but they don't belong into a film about british soldiers in WW2."
whose Harry styles?
warning : exaggerated allies bias (as always hollywood)
Check out bbbbazinga on YouTube plz if you are reading this comment
Not gonna judge Harry simply because he is from a band. If he delivers, then that is very respectable for him, especially as an actor.
is2g if harry dies in dunkirk ima quit 1d
Yet another flawless work of art by Christopher Nolan
i see again a bad extra in this trailer i think. when the sand explosion begins you see one guy walking en slowly falling
Im getting war world 2 flashbacks again...
Looks great!
fuck war
Wow, cannot wait for this movie.
No one's talking about the amazing color grading... it's one of the few things about a movie you can actually judge from the trailer alone.
All those harry style comments, i mean come on people Tom Hardy is in this and all you think about is 1d btw Tom Hardy is badass
Wow... I'm actually looking forward to this movie.
"AY ... <3 YO QUIERO YA LA QUIERO VER !!
 HARRY STYLES <3"
"10/10
 - IGN"
"oh shit
 a wwii movie that isnt some cheap romance movie"
HARRY BABY
This movie is AIDS ?????€??€?
honestly looks so boring
I hate it how everyone thinks that directioners are only going to see this movie for Harry. I myself have been a huge directioner since 2013, and yes i am so proud of Harry for doing this film, and but people shouldn't automatically assume that directioners are only there for Harry. I enjoy reading historical fiction and watching historical films. Just because Harry is in here doesn't mean that's the ONLY reason directioners would go see it.
Dunkrik a.k.a. Battlefield 1 The movie
Low key only watching this trailer cause Harry's in it
Harry Styles is one of the members of a boy band known as One Direction (For those who didn't know)
And not a single french soldier on sight...
The footage is really good, but the pacing of this trailer is really all over the place.
1:31 That was a powerful shot. Hit me right in the feels. Really looking forward to watching this film.
Just do not forget about Soviet Union
Go join my league in NBA live mobile(the real kings of basketball)
Hope it isn't filmed with the same breakneck pace as the Dark Knight Returns. Just relentless plot motion with serious dialogue all the time.
Am I the only one that thinks Harry looks like Newt from Maze Runner?
I don't think it was a good idea that i showed my grandfather this
I Will see this Movie on Netflix!
j'ai sorti la Ferrari pour pecher des grosses folles
I Will see this Movie on Netflix!
j
0:57-58 that man's scream ,its really similar to cod waws' death screams
"Harry: blinks in the trailer
 Me: give him an Oscar"
haha i love how there are more people complaining about 1d fans/harry styles then 1d fans commenting
harry styles is in this movie. its not that big a deal, if u like him that's fine if you don't that's fine but can we focus on the actual story plz rather than starting a flame war
dans ma ville !!!
Great allied propaganda movie to make the British cowards seem like heroes
"christopher nolan on casting actors:
 leo dicaprio
 matthew mc...
 harry styles
 well that escalated quickly"
B R A V O N O L A N
Didnt even know Harry Styles was in until after I read the comments. Before watching this, if i was told Harry Styles was in it I wouldnt have even bothered watching the trailer, never mind the movie. But this pleasantly surprised me, i will be going to watch this in the cinema.
Is it Christopher Nolan at 1:36 ?
IM SO EXCITED
I lived in Dunkirk !
I'm so proud of my son harrold
It is becoming a usual thing to totally mask the role of the french military in movies and games, when it was preponderant (looking at you bf1). I guess this movie will just be another one where this happens. Annoying really
Nolan cannot make a movie with women in it.
guns from the first world war and planes from second. CONGRATULATIONS
just because I'm a Directioner doesn't mean I'm watching the movie just because of Harry . I've always been interested in war type movies :)
I advice for everyone the french movie "Weekend at Dunkirk" made by Robert Merle`s story(1964). Fantastic; one of the best war movie . The young Belmondo plays in it. not action film soryyyyyy and not English.
lol I didn't even notice harry styles, what's all the fuss about?
Where can I see this projected on film?
yo vine aqu???? por harry
That moment when you have no idea what this is about and you're only here because you've heard Harry Styles is in this movie, and then you realize IT'S HISTORY OH MY GOD IT'S HISTORY and you're more excited about that than the fact that Harry is in it....Yeah...I'm probably the only one who reacted that way...I'll be going now.
I didn't even notice Harry styles was in this movie...nor do i care...i'm here for the one and only Christopher Nolan
Hey please no hate, I am a new channel and I really need help and support, if you want I can SUB if you SUB
OH SHIT.
OH YEAH HARRY
I am sooooooo stoked to see a WW2 movie! Have not seen one in ages! Hopefully this wont disappoint :D
AM i the only one who came here bc of harry or...
Its my birthday today.. Can I get to 50 Subs Please <3 ?!?!?
What ever Christophe Nolan makes instantly becomes a classic
This is going to be a masterpiece ?????????????????
"I have watched this like 200 times now
 Sooooo excited"
Looks like it's going to be terribly inaccurate and mostly propaganda...only reason those guys survived is because Hitler didn't wipe em off the beach.
Basically BF 1 in a movie :'D
I heard Harry Styles gets turned into a lampshade, the horror is unspeakable.
everyone is getting salty about Harry being an actor! LMAO get a life XD!
#proudofhim
Spoiler: Deutschland verliert
is dunkirk d day?
I want to see this so bad so I understand more about history
rpz Dunkerque
this movie already looks amazing
OMG Harry Styles from 0:46 - 0:49 && 1:37 - 1:39 && 1:53 - 1:54 !!!!
Blaring noise can't hear any dialogue. Advice do not watch this in cinema.
god i'm not just watching this film because harry styles is in it, but because this is a christopher nolan film and tom hardy would be in it.
This actually looks like a good WW2 film...
so thrilled to see this.
greatest war movie ever-saving private Ryan.
omg, use real bf 109s
I think it's kinda bad that people are making massive amounts of money off a film about one of the most tragic events in history. It annoys me.
I spy a Harry
1D is shit.
Another WW2 Movie... It's about time we have a WW3...
0:47 harry style??
We will be long gone but maybe not forgotten - bf1
@1:54 now i know that if i see this movie i will cry. Great.
complete BS about Germans not risking their tanks, the Germans let the British survive. They wanted themselves and the Brits to fight the Russians together.
Sub for content or have bad luck for 2 whole years
Israeli top journal front lately cultural chin tap.
I hope Zimmer makes the soundtrack
Who is going to watch this? (as a 1d fan) I just want to know...
wait duck on a incoming stuka strafe why not shot at it there are surely some brens lying around
Fucking beautiful how Christopher Nolan loves his actors, great seeing tom hardy and maurice Fisher from inception (aka scarecrow from batman begins) I forgot his real name. Anyways, love that loyalty.
The thing is I'm a teenage girl. I'm a complete girly girl but I love war films, I don't know why I just like learning what the experience must have been like for the soldiers and also I love the historical aspect. But I am going to walk in to see this movie, and people will be pissed as hell thinking I'm a directioner here to watch Harry or something, I should be able to walk in a movie without some stupid boys or even adults thinking I'm a pop fan.
"Looks great, but damn, more WW2 movies? :)
 Actually scratch that. It will be good to show many of the heroes who fought before the US were pulled in."
Who the hell is Harry Syles everyone is talking about when there is trailer that should be the talking point... Please, explain!
Oh good another film about Dunkirk there aren't enough of them already.... Jesus Christ. 0 originality these days. Not even trying.
OHHHHHHH MY GODDD HARRYYYYY I LOVE UUUUUUUUU KICK ASS IN THIS MOVIE PLZZZZZ
"And nobody will talk about the french army who sacrifice in the city during the English's retreat. I already know they won't be in the movie.
 God after Battlefield 1 who shit on us, now it's Nolan. Die english people, this is what you deserve for three hundred years of infamy"
Battlefield1:the movie
I for one approve of all these new WW2 films focusing on previously uncovered (by hollywood anyway) stories.
It's sad seeing you people hate on harry. We can be fans and want to watch the movie for its real background and history. Give the guy a break you might like his acting but not his music doesn't mean you should tear him down.
This comment section is just full of Harry Styles
Harryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!! mi amoooooooooooooooorrrrrrr
If there is not french soldiers in a movie call "Dunkirk" I dislike x)
Oh new battlefield 1!
I look forward to see the theater filled with 13 year old girls and their reaction to people getting blown to mush.
New Battlefield campaign DLC?
Can you make movies worth seeing please, thanks.
But Where is private Ryan?
1d is cool I wish I had their money. This movie looks great. Can't wait to see it! Let's stop writing essays in the comment what do u say??!
???????????????????????€? ???????????????????€?????
These Battlefield 1 graphics are looking sick !
It's good to see a film from another perspective other than the United States. Seems like a got used to films depicting D-Day and onward.
b????l dupy janusz????w ????ycia bo Harry BEZCENNE
look Sismik YouTube
#free Carl
i shed a tear
"Oh the feels... When will (((Hollywood))) start to learn that turning men into cuckolds on the big screen isn't what brings home the box office growth. If it were up to me, and my forecast turns correct about it being about the ""feelings"" of war rather than about skill, bravery, patriotism and government corruption I would personally send this to the glue factory.
 Oy vey."
Actor at 0:25?
Harry Styles ???????????????
I hate that in most war movies fighter planes that dive in for a strafing runs use the Stuka Ju 87 siren sound. It was the only plane that made that sound when diving due to the propeller mechanism that sounded the siren when diving. I get that it's to add to the psychological effect of war but it isn't correct historically and mechanically. Sorry for being picky.
Let me guess, Hans Zimmer is doing the music just like every other Nolan film. CAN'T WAIT.
I don't understand why everyone is hating that Harry Styles is in the movie, like I know Christopher Nolan makes great movies and great choices when it comes to acting. I know that Harry won't mess it up because I bet he's got more talent than just singing songs about teenage girls. And just because he sings songs about teenage girls, doesn't make him unable to act okay? So shut the hell up if you're going to complain, this movie looks great and will sure as hell be beautiful as all the other films Christopher Nolan has made.
ONLY THING BRITISH ARMY DID AT WW2 was KILLING more FRENCH CIVILIANS THAN by GERMANS in the Entire 5 WAR,.......ALSO KILLING MORE european civilian than any other country
Yeah it's bf1...
Who else is only watching this movie just because harry styles is in this.
Harrrrrrrrrrrrrrry?????€????????€????????€????????€???
I've already seen this trailer a thousand times but if Harry actually dies in this movie I'd like to have a "chat" with whoever helped make the scene where he does
"Hi everyone, please click here to support my GoFundMe campaign,Help Homeless Family Take Trip
 https://www.gofundme.com/help-homeless-family-take-trip?pc=sms_co_cardshare_a"
"Hey...
 Can i get lks fr no reason"
SISSY ARMY BRITISH getting their ASS kicked but STILL GLORIFYING it.... BRITISH WERE STILL BEING DEFEATED IN BATTLES IN 1945 When most of German army had been Lost .......
HARRY FUCKING STYLES
"Hey I'm going to make a ww2 film!" Says every director. Not interested
https://www.eobot.com/user/554424 ????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????€????????€????? ???€????????€? ???????? ????????????????????????????????
???????????????€?????????????? ???????????????????????????????? ???????? ???????????? ???????????????? ???????????????????????€?????!
it's perfect....
HOOOOOLY SHIT YES
cool trailer....and why this Harry styles drama in the comment section tho...
...i do want to see this movie but even more so, I now want to read a good book about this. I'm reading To Hell & Back and it's bloody fantastic. Unbelievable what people have done to save our civilisation...
Am i the only one that thinks this looks like mcr's 'the ghost of you' music video?
wow a ww2 film that isnt about fucking americans being the heroes. oh yeah!there were actually other nations involved in ww2
Not a fucking word about french soldiers?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! They fight like lions during the siege of Dunkirk and Lilles for defend the brits...who stay on the beach --'...
This is going to be the best film of 2017 I can already tell. I love historical movies so much, but these days there doesn't seem to be many good modern ones that actually inform the audience of things, rather than turning it into a love story etc. Bring on summer 2017!
I'm sure loads of people clicked the thumbnail because they thought it was Star Wars
This actually looks good and it's not even because of Harry haha
same shit as always hollywood brainwashed sheeps will belive anything in movie lol feel sorry for them
harry is the reason i am gng to watch this !!! ????????????????????????????
HARRY NO!
I very much dislike how people are automatically assuming that Harry specifically isn't capable of playing his role in this movie. Don't judge him or anyone if you've only seen 3 seconds of him in the trailer. That's not fair and is quite rude. I've heard nothing but great things about Harry and him being on set. Give him a chance.
Cowards
Shit propaganda
Harry ?????????????€??€?
looks like battlefield 1 in ultra settings
can't wait ?????€????????€????????€??€?
0:48 HARRYYY!!
I can't wit to watch this
happy
Where are the french soldiers ? They saved the english soldiers in Dunkerque.
Who the hell is harry? haha
The thumbnail looks like Star Treck into darkness
Who else think tha 0:39 is Harry :D
Thomas Shelby is that you ?
Will the french be in the Director's Cut ? ( ???????? ???????€? ????????)
AAAI MEU CORA???€?????????????OOO HARRRRYYY
Nice to see Thomas Shelby
I feel like I'm watching the story of Syria right now???????€????????€?
YES I've been waiting so long harry Omg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Harry, my boy! I love him so much..

 DON'T GET ME WRONG.. I LOVE LEARNING ABOUT WWII BUT THE FACT THAT HARRY STYLES IS IN THIS MOVIE JUST MAKES MY LIFE EVEN BETTER"
what is this movie rated?
another WW2 movie, Jesus Christ -__-
I'm look at this comments and evrybody write: Harry Styles is... Harry Styles have... Harry Styles... Harry Styl... Harry S... Harry, Harry, Harry! Where is comment at this thriller is so fun, nice, I love survive fims, yes is good or this is fantastic thriller. Where? Where is this comment?
This actually seems like a really interesting and cool movie to see. My dad and I are going to see it together. Can't wait!
I started crying the second i saw Harry
I came here because for harry styles and I actual kinda wanna watch the movie now it look good
anyone noticed how much Nolan likes using Cillian Murphy?
"CAN I JUST SAY SOMETHING. Can people please stop generalizing that fans of Harry are 'dumb' and that they have no interest in the history that the movie is going to be about? I hate and tired of seeing these comments from 20 something years old who loves nolan films about how much they hate styles being in the movie. GUESS WHAT nolan picked styles to be in the film! It's his fucking choice who's going to be in the film. And if you guys are thinking he got harry for publicity for the movie, THEN AGAIN NOLAN IS directing the movie and that is enough publicity. Why cant we just watch the movie and be OPEN MINDED and stop discriminating because i feel like people are going to be squinting at girls in the movie theater amd going to judge them as 'hormonal teenagers who jist wsnt to jack off to fucking harry styles who's going to be drowning anyways which is good'. Let's just all have a good time and be mature about all this.

 Because the only issue i see in here is that harry being in the film. A guy who happens to be from a boy band WHO HAPPENS to be trying out acting and i see nothing wrong with that. Can we just be here for the movie that Nolan directed because damn man im so excited i heard that this is Nolan's first war movie. This is going to be beautifully shot and is going to have more emotional impact because of that."
there's irritates me. One side of history says the Germans didn't attack Dunkirk because they felt mercy, and halted their tanks/planes from easily murdering 10s of thousands of troops. Now this history is saying they used it as an opportunity to pick off the troops. Not cool being so biased.
https://soundcloud.com/unlimitedsince/culture-code-make-me-move-feat-karra
Sub to me it's my birthday and I just lost my father today so I would really appreciate if u subscribed
Looks great Battlefield 1
9 out of 10 germane soldiers have died on the Estern Front...
Lol glorification of failure and defeat !
Why is everyone so salty here? Lmao
Where is the French?
"I'm going to shit my pants.







 And it's all Harry's fault"
Warner Bros haciendo una pelicula de la Segunda Guerra Mundial, algo huele mal! PROPAGANDA
Battlefield 1 anyone?
Does anyone know the song?
http://aminoapps.com/p/9t9hwShe is sexy follow her please
So if my history is correct, they are retreating because Harry Styles brought the moral so low they lost the will to fight.
no matter how tragic the tragedy, Hollywood jerks all over it
Arf bad version of the BF109 ... It's a Buchon, spanish version :(
r
holy shit I've been rewatching this if harry dies christoper nolan is gonna catch these hands
Harrry Styles?? :3
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Harry styles in a Christopher Nolan movie what else do I need!!!!
Des Dunkerquois ? :)
I just think it's dope as fuck Harry is in this movie. I wanna see his acting skills
Can't everybody just agree that with Harrys presence it will attract more younger viewers to watch it, which is good for learning about history and of course, good for the box office
I'm having Vietnam flash backs ahhhhh
Not a single woman in this trailer ??????? #fuckfemenism
this looks amazing I can't wait and it's a bonus that harry is in it
Wanna know what the most awesome aspect of this trailer is? There is no CGI in it, not at all. Everything you see is practical.
Lets see how bad the propaganda is this time
I just got a tom hardon :)
"As a SJW cunt

 I would like to know where the women were in this trailor, THIS IS NOT EQUAL RIGHTS HUMUNGOUS!!!"
wooowwwwww look at this movie tho it's looks beast
This is sexism
I'm assuming Zimmer is doing the music for this too... it's amazing how he can apply futuristic music to such a period piece
This trailer exploded. From 1m to 6m in 2 days.
no french? alright fuck this
Let me guess.. due to "limited time" or ""the story is more important" the movie won't show that the Wehrmacht halted their attack on Hitler's orders and didn't mop the floor with them when they could have.
HARRY MI BEBE LINDO,HERMOSO LA PALABRA ORGULLO NO ALCANZA
"Hitler about Poland: We will destroy them in 2 weeks...
 They fought over the month.
 World about Germany-France war: They will be fighting with the at least 1.5 year....
 France surrendered after 2 weeks
 XDDDDD"
But why does battlefield 1 need another trailor
Battlefield 1
hans zimmer and another beautiful soundtrack
BF1 the movie
???€??????? ?? ???? ????????????????????? ???????€?????????????????
For everyone hating on Harry Styles consider this. Honestly, people in this day and age especially lots of young people wouldn't really consider watching a historic war film. But by having him in it it will expose the film and help it in the long run. So stop complaining and just enjoy the cinematography.
Amazing Ninja Just Dropped a Tape in California!
https://www.datafilehost.com/d/f460406a
???€????????????€??? ?????????€????????€? ???????????? ???€??????????????????????€????€??????€??? ?????????€??? ???€??????€??????€??????€??????€??€????€??€????€??€????€??€????€??€????€??€????€??€????€??€??????????€? ???€??????????? ?????????€????????€????€??€?
<<<< HOLA TE INVITO A PASAR POR MI CANAL. SI TE GUSTA SUSCRIBITE :)
Adoro este tipo de pel????culas????????
https://www.reverbnation.com/2essential/song/27159103-hall-of-fame
I was on a school trip dunkirk youth hostel when they were filming this on the beach right next to us!
1 day after I started a project on this for history class this trailer is released. coincidence?
Life according to jimmy at 0:48?
Stay @beeing fucking scarecrow and leave this boring ww2 crap for others suckers. I AM BATMAN
Harry 1D Styles
1D
A pointless war that the Jews started to have whites kill whites.
Hhhhhhhhaaaaarrrrryyy
Harry XOXOXOXO
what this movie about ?!
Harryyyyyyy
Harry we are love you ))((
Harry Styles---)))))))(((((((
One Direction
Harry Styles)))
Harry
OMFG IT LOOKS SO COOL
Christopher Nolan making a WW2 film...Dreams do come true lol
hype for Harry who?, and we have Hardy, Zimmer and the Master Nolan together. Kill yourself!
Can't wait for this. Lest we forget those who fell for us.
Battlefield 1 looks great
Why is everyone talking about Harry when the legends Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy are in it
Christopher Nolan has done it again! It will be a great historical epic.
It's so intense ... I love it
I keep 're watching just trying to find Harry
harry styles said at the end: HOME
oh boy a world war movie how original
I love how Nolan is always loyal to his ex-actors
Is that Tom Hardy I see, as a German, flying a BF-109
I just watch this and think: What's the damn point of war. This is what happens when you let crazies run your country. Peace not war.
????????????????????????????€? ???????????????????????????????? ???????? ???€?????????????????
"Don't mind me, I'm just a 15 year old girl who is here for the History, Christopher Nolan, Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, James D'arcy and Fionn Whitehead. I have faith in Nolan's casting but if any teenage fangirl in the cinema only pay attention to Harry, I'm going to be pissed. Meanwhile there are people who actually appreciate the movie AS A WHOLE.

 I'm concerned as to if Styles will do a good job and if he does, full props to him. But I don't want people to call Dunkirk a 'Harry Styles movie' because he still has a lot to live up to especially surrounded but that cast and crew. That's just my opinion, but yeah this movie looks astonishing already.

  I wonder which will do better, Mel Gibson with Hacksaw Ridge or Nolan with Dunkirk?"
It remind me a little bit the beach scene of Saving Private Ryan (movie that i love by the way).
I came here for Harry Styles
Matrix codes only.
My Hazza. ??????
???????????????????? - ????????????????????!
is that a WW1
Yay! Another movie I'm excited for in 2017. WW2 movie done by Christopher Nolan and the stars for this movie doesn't seem that bad.
I hope this Harry guy to be annihilated in the first five minutes (preferably a brutal death as in a Tarantino movie), so that way we clean up the theater from the peanut brain fangirls asap.
Everybody needs Albert Einstein in their subscriptions.
To be honest, I didn't even know it was Harry Styles and then I saw the comments and I was like, oh it's that guy in the cellar thing with the bad acting skills. I was right.
bj
?????€???
I'm sorry, but why all of the hate towards Harry Styles and the One Direction fandom ? I'm part of it, and originally, I came here for the history and war aspect of the movie. Just because Harry Styles is a famous singer doesn't mean he can't be an actor as well. I don't understand why so many people are calling us mindless teens only here for Harry.
"Revisionist history: Remember how hard things used to be? Well get used to it again because we want to use you to fight Russia. There will be great redemption and glory in it this time, we promise!

 Propaganda machine getting a little too obvious for the modern age."
Harry ?????€???
It'll be interesting to see something so different than Nolan normally does, you know, without the plots that twist your mind.
why you are fucking evil due to the fact that the fans want to support Harry, you prevent it? Many fans, including me, go to the movie, because he himself is interesting. You're fucking too, sometimes watching a movie for the game of one actor or more, then let me know why you have dissolved the chicken coop?
for a person who loves history, im in.
I cannot wait for this soundtrack !
Please tell me how is it possible that Nolan has never won an Accademy Awards as Best Director? ????????????????
I'm one of the 0.0000000000000000000000001% of the people that will watch the movie specifically because: it's directed by Christopher Nolan, it actually looks amazing, music done by Hans Zimmer, Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy and Mark Rylance. Harry Styles will probably be good though.
Such a shame we have morons going just because of harry potter or whatever his name is
???????????? ???????????????€????? ???????? ???????????€? ???????????€????? ???????€?
hope the french are grateful for all those British men had to die so they can bend over a give there country away in the end ,, what was the point fuck in french biggest coward a pussy nation in the world bar none
Jesus christ there is more people complaining about the people complaining about the 1D fans about Harry Styles. What is this madness.
I'm just gonna go ahead and assume you're a 12 y/o boy if all you did in the comment section was complain about how Harry Styles ruined the film already.... But anyway, I'm way too stoked for this,, #InNolanWeTrust!!
why are people so mad about casting Harry Styles?? you never know, he might be a fantastic actor and I don't doubt that. also it's possible to be interested in history AND a member of a boy band. crazy, right??
i was gonna watch this movie just bc harry but omg i think this is gonna be a really good movie
If Harry dies in this movie i'm walking out of the theater
I like One Direction but the only reason I'm seeing this is because I love movies based on real life events and war movies si
im here for christopher nolan and tom hardy pussies
If harry doesn't get blown up I'll see me arse big time.
Good job you put tom hardy but why the fuck do I see Harry styles
WW1 OR WW2 ???
idk why people are making a big deal about harry styles. Tom Hardy is way better looking than that lesbian.
Where is Michael Caine !?
1 yes I'm excited for Harry but the movie itself looks amazing
"I like One Direction and all but I think I would somehow enjoy it, if Harry Styles Charakter would die in the movie^^
 Just to see the faces from all the other Directioners... :)"
YO SOLO VINE A VER A HARRY :V
Excited to see what Cris Nolan brings along with this movie since it is quite different from his last pictures, yet im pretty sure its gonna be epic.
Cette vid????o n'a rien a faire dans les 'Tendances'
Mr. Nolan, thank you!
"This is my 5th time watching this.
 And not for Harry styles!"
It's genuinely astounding to see so many people who only are watching this for Harry, but aren't understanding that he's playing an actual person and not a character. I'm not upset about people going to the film only to support Harry and watch him act because that's one of the reasons I really want to see it. But it's weird to me how a lot of people aren't genuinely interested in what Harry's actually acting in and what story's being told.
Hope Is Weapon .Don't lose it use it .it protect your dream .Nice Trailer Dunkirk .
When hating on Harry Styles is all what the majority of people can think of in this comment section.
My boy
"I will wait and see before I go see this.
 Tom Hardy has not ever not once impressed me as the superstar some are so eager to turn him into. It is just not there."
This looks so good. I'm a big fan of Harry Styles, but I love war movies????????
I was excited for this movie because of Harry Styles but....who gives a shit about Harry this shit looks amazing!!! ahhh!
Watching only because of its director Nolan (my favorite)
christopher nolan is over for me. he worked with same actors up to now for example cillian murphy, tom hardy, michael caine that s okay but who is harry styles? just a member of teenage boy band in his cv? is this how movie industry works? if you are handsome and famous enough, that s okay you don't need any talent or education. fuck that shit, i m good without that.
shitty
Let me guess, another Hans Zimmer score? Jeez Christopher you can't share?
What's the point of this shitty film? Germans willingly?? let english scape. They never wanted to fight them in the first place. It was a mistake 'cause they could have won then and there, but this movie is pointless
"I feel for bad for Harry. He's getting all of this hate from people who are complaining, because of the fans, when all the lad wanted to do was act. I'm a Harry fan and I would be lying if I said I didn't watch the trailer, because of him, but luckily for me, this movie is also historical which is a genre I really love, so it only sparked my interest even more. Not only that, Cillian Murphy, an actor I really like, is in it and it definitely looks promising and well made. World War 2 was always my favorite subject in school!

 But what I'm trying to say is, Directioners, it's fine to support Harry, but remember that this movie isn't about him, it's about a historical event that took place during World War 2. And for the people saying 'Harry Styles who?' don't blame it on him. He did nothing wrong, but to pursue a career in acting which interested him.

 No hate, all love, lol"
Soundtrack by One Direction
No French !?!?!
Yessssssss
Im a HUGE fan of Nolans work. the dark knight trilogy is his best work and one of my favorite movies the dark knight, knowing the form on how Nolan directs I know that this is going to be a good one maybe as good as the dark knight. But I am too excited I got goosebumps watching this. One of the greatest is the film indrustry hands down. Not only that but tom hardy too! please
???????????????????????????????????€????? ????????????????????€????? ???????????????????????????????€????????????? ????????????????????€????? ???? ???? ????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????
Muslims doing this everyday
I'll watch this because of Harry, it's not your problem, we'll give money and views to this film, idc about your opinions, if you want to watch it just because you want to its okay, it's not my problem, have a nice day, life, bye
omg harry ahh i am dyeng
they should've got Michael Bay to direct this. waaay better director. Chris Nolan is shitty
It's by Nolan so you already know it's going to be good.
Who is Directioner,here ?
Fucking awesome!
I'm still waiting for a ww2 film about something not about the British and americans
Who else is just here for Harry Styles........
???????????? ???????????????€????????????????€????????? ???€?????????????????
The thumbnail alone is a masterpiece
MAKE PEACE NOT WAR
"Nolan is trying to kill me. I can't wait so long for this movie crys in frustration.

 oh and Harry's in the movie, cool."
HARRY MY BABY
That little bit of soundtrack... <3
Cillian Murpfy and Tom Hardy reunites with Christopher Nolan after four years. Wished if Bale were there too.
i swear to god that if harry isn't a main role i want my $12 back
I'm usually not into these type of films, however I'm?? going to?? see?? this one! Where's?? my movie ticket.
Tom Hardy and Christopher Nolan, I will definitely be seeing this!
Harry styles in a World War 2 movie? I am not gonna say the movie will suck, but come on!
One of Hitler's biggest blunders of WWII. Allowing the Brits to escape Dunkirk.
???? ???????????€????? ?????????????????????, ???????????? ???€????????€????€????????€????€?
0:47 to 0:49 for those who only came to see harry..............:)
I'm fan of 1d so I came here for harry styles
I came here for harry styles
Harry
Another Jew Produced World War II German Bashing Movie...these Jews never stop.. Go Iran, Go Russia.
je pense que OUI TU TE DEMANDES TOI AUSSI SI C'EST PAS LE FILM DE BATTLEFIELD 1.
PUMPKIN PEOPLE'S PENISES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
????????????????????,???????€??????????????????????????????.
thanks Battlefield 1 i know what the movie was about
Who ever cast Harry Styles in this is a genius. Preteen girls are going to beg their parents to see it, just to see their fave. The box office is going to be huge.
Can't believe Harry is playing as Dunkirk in this one, hope he survives!!!
???€??????????????????????????? ???€????????? ???????????????????????€????? ???????? ???????€????€????? . ???????? ???? ???????? ???????????????????????????? ???? ???????????????????? ???????€????? ????????????? ???????????€????????????? ???????€?????????????????? ????????????????????????????? ????????????????€????????????€????????? ???? ???€?????????????????€????????????????? ????????????????????????????????? ???? ???€?????????????????????????????? ???? ????????????????€????????????€????€? ???€????????????????? ????????????????????????????????? ???????????????€????€? ???????????????????? ???? ???????????€?????????????€????€? ???????????€????? ???????????????????? ???????????????????€????? ????????????????????????????????????????????€????? ???????????????? ???????????????????????? ???????? ???? ???€?????????????????€????????????????€? ???????????? ???????? ???????????????????? ???????????????????????? ???? ???? ???????€????????????? ???€?????????????????€????????????€? ?????????????????????????€????????????????? ???????????????????????????€????????? ???????? ???? ???????????€????????? ???????????? ???????????????????????????? ...
I swear to god if Harry dies
wait what...?..... Christopher Nolan???????€?
402-594-4880
What's the song playing here?
I don't remember what this trailer is about because I kept asking myself if that was the guy from one direction.
"a bit about DUNKIRK

 Strength
 approx. 400,000
 338,226 evacuated[5] approx. 800,000
 Casualties and losses
 11,000 dead
 40,000 captured
 50,000 vehicles (including tanks)
 9 destroyers
 200 marine vessels
 145 aircraft 20,000 dead and wounded
 100 tanks
 156 aircraft"
excellent cast, amazing visuals , Hans music and directed by Nolan ...wow! very excited!!!
Dying to see this movie!!! :) ;) :)
"Can u just stop starting stupid drama? If we want to watch the movie just for Harry let us do what we want with our lives we are going to support our idol's work and we don't care what you say, we are not even telling you what to do with your lives so care about yourselves people Byee!!
 A Directioner"
May Harry's character absorb a thousand bullets.
Harry.
Let's clarify something, a lot of ppl r seeing this movie bc of Harry styles and he's only in this trailer for a few seconds
Please tell me that I'm not the only one here who's going to see this movie, because it looks beautiful and it's directed by Christopher Nolan?
Harry is not the only one in this movie. So stop talking about him!
where are the french soldiers?
i'm so proud of you harry :) this movie's about to leave all of us shook the last 30 seconds oml
Harry est tellement cute et le film a l'air gave int????ressent
Christopher Nolan the name is enough ?????€????????????????€????????????????€???????????
Man i feel this movie will only show the british through all. Ignoring the iron defense pulled by the french army in the town.
The movie seems as boring as everyone will experience in cinemas' the glory days of Inception and The Dark Knight are history for good. War or antiwar films aren't always picturing 100% the bitterness of truth.
can i get 50 subscribers by christmas enjoy youre day :l
Battlefield 1 anybody?
ho hum ... really... why bother making another ww2 war movie on a beach ... private ryan did it best.?? it cant be improved on.?? ?? we don't need more rah rah jingoism in todays day and age
Spoiler: They escaped
I'm just here for Christopher Nolan. I'll watch anything directed by him. I'll watch Amy Schumer take a dump on the floor if it's being directed by Christopher Nolan.
It suxx!
so who is here for harry styles.?
Who here has been to Dunkirk? ????????€??????????
we want Harry potter 9!!!!
No respect for anyone who's looking forward to Styles' performance more than Hardy's. Come on.
what battle is this
LMSFJDSIFDS people are so bitter about harry being in this movie, cant relate
Are you joking we have to wait until summer ?!?!
The event that shaped our world and nobody outside of us & uk has ever heard of.
If Harry styles dies in this movie I'm suing
... and as always germans are the bad guys :(
Omg! Harry styles looking sooo hot ????????
Imagine living somewhere always in fear of being attacked or bombed... and that they throw pamphlets in the sky saying they're going to execute as many of you as possible so you're terrified and want to run away to somewhere but no one wants you... cough Aleppo cough
Well Brexiters this is the road your country is going to go to. Power politics married with sovereignty in Europe can only lead to war. The Holocaust, two World Wars, and many centuries of war between Europeans is enough to concern me about European nations abandoning the European Union. Don't be surprised if somewhere down the road if another Hitler came to power. You abandon European identity at your own peril.
HOLY HE LOOKS SO DAMN GOOD AWWW
Wheres the blood? :/
Harry ???????.???????
Lol people have harry styles but they don't have a reason to. This is why humans won't survive. They're irrational
Clueless Indian here...even though over two and a half million Indian soldiers were sent to fight under British command during the WWII... I thought I knew everything about WWII, maybe not. ????????€?
Had no idea Harry Styles was an actor
Those spits gave me goose bumps.
YAY
Activision, take notes please. #BootsontheGround
If the trailer had been nothing but Tom Hardy's, Cillian Murphy's, and Christopher Nolan's names appearing and then disappearing, I'd still be sold.
75% watching are here for Harry Styles
K. DIDNT KNOW HARRY STYLES WAS IN IT. LIKE I WAS EXCITED ALREADY BECAUSE CHRISTOPHER NOLAN BUTFUCK
Please be rated R
my sock react to this video watch it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
scarecrow and bane fight for the Brits. Sweet.
In my experience, Asian films depict WW1 & WW2 better. Westerners just want a cast of guys to look moppy into the the camera w/ unflattering closeups for 3 hrs.
I love war movies and this one looks so fucking good. I cannot wait.
"NOLAN ?????€????
 CILIAN ?????€???
 HARRY ????????????
 HISTORY?????€??€?
 ALL THE GOOD THINGS IN ONE FILM WOW????????"
you know the plot is going to be really intricate and trippy since it's Nolan
where is harry??? i want him to have lines
and the Oscar goes to.......................................
Hans Zimmer wnd Christopher Nolan....can't go wrong
HARRYSTYLES????????
This looks amazing!!
wow the trailer looks amazing , who came here because of harry ??????
If y'all are really saying that just because Harry is in this movie, he ruined it all, grow up. If you don't like him just because he is in One Direction, that doesn't mean you gotta start trashing him and the movie that you haven't even seen yet. This trailer is so cool and the movie looks like it's going to be amazing. Harry being in this movie is actually going to promote it like crazy, which is actually a good thing because people should learn about the history of Dunkirk. And for all we know, Harry could do an amazing job in Dunkirk ! Don't judge the whole movie just because he is in it. Personally, I'm so excited to see it in July !
You get all happy seeing this film. its happening in Syria right now and no one bats an eye lid.
I literally have no idea whats going on? is it a sci fi? is it horror? i seriously dont know!
I came For Nolan
who dafuq is Harry styles??????
h
Spitfires... <3
my love harry????????
my love harry????????
if interstellar produced a lot of quantum physics experts on the internet, this will do the same for war historians
Christopher Nolan, I hope that this is your return to form. Your last two films were not bad by any means, but they're certainly below what you're capable of.
This movie looks amazing, definitely going to see it. Tells a true story, I definitely prefer this type of movie to cheesy romance ones. :D
tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak niiiice
Fuck Harry, I'm only here to see one of the most historic moments in history. At least all the fangirls and fanboys will learn about history with this.
why battlefield
Just one movie just one is all I'm asking from the German perspective
When released on PC?
la ????nica que vino s????lo por harry?
Very smart to cast Harry Styles
3 DAYS AFTER MY BIRTHDAY OH JESUS OH GOD bYe
Saving Private Ryan's Privates: Featuring Tom Hanks, Tom Cruise and/or Matt Damon.
solo la ver???? por harry
I hate to be that person, but stop complaining that Harry Styles is in the film. He wouldn't have been casted if he was terrible, and he's not overshadowing anyone. I understand it may seem annoying people are saying 'I'm only here for Harry', but in the end, all that means is more people are coming and seeing the movie, and they will become informed about what happened at Dunkirk. They may walk out of the theaters and say 'wow, I never knew this before, let me look more into what happened' and I think that's incredibly important, it's educating people so they know what happened at Dunkirk. I never learned about Dunkirk in school, I learned about it myself just because I'm fascinated by history and what it has to offer, but this movie really has the chance to get people interested, even if they only came for Harry Styles in the beginning.
Tom hardy Harry styles THE DEATH OF ME
It's Battlefield 1
disliking all the comments which support harry styles and one direction..
was that gildroy lockeheart??
Nolan u are the best
HARRYYYYYY NAH FAM HARRY LOOKS SEXXYY??????????????????
Chills
???? ????????????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????? ???????€????????????????????? ???? ????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????? ???????????€????????????? ???????????€?
As a film student, I have some issues with Christopher Nolan as a director.. But I have huge respect for him for making a high budget WW2 film about the British (rather than the Americans). The British were true heroes in WW2 and their story has a right to be told to the world. Let's hope it's good!
Wouais vive Dunkerque !! ^^
superb
army mens =100000 gods we all luv army mens like our family best wishes from india to the movie success
I am here for harry who also? ???????€?
He's gonna go into a black hole and get stuck behind a bookshelf
Already smells like an Oscar material.
Sound Design Looks so brilliant
Cues "Seven Nation Army"
Omg harry
Look at Harry Styles trying to stay relevant. Maybe acting will be a better calling for him than that "band" he was in. If you can call it that...
Brexit: alfa test
s???? vou ver por causa do Harry styles
YES HAROLD
"There are 400,000 men on this beach" -shows about 300...
awesome
OMGGGG!!! MY HUSBAND IS THERE!!!! ufjevdlskdbfofjevqkdgjdbpe?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?
harry fuckin edward styles deserves all oscars
I hope they kill off Harry Styles just so the one direction fangirls can fuck off
Where's all the Directioners?!? Harry is so beautiful!!!
Lets see how Nolan can make a film about men shooting other men, overly convaluted.
look at all the people ranting about how Harry will take his fan's attention from the movie, but they're the ones concentrating more on his presence rather than the movie
"A historical war drama made by
 Christopher Nolan

 With music by
 Hans Zimmerman

 Staring
 Cilian Murphy
 Tom Hardy
 and Harry styles (if hes a good actor)

 Life has become just a little bit better."
Sorry guys but I can't understeand in what is based the movie... I suppose on the air attack on london?
That looks amazing
???????€????? 28 ???????????????€????????????????????€??????????
Today is the day The Black Man said: "Hitler is a cunt, he should've slaughtered them in Dunkirk. Had he done that he would have won the war"
Heard famous actor Stephen Blackwood stars in this film!
actually, who the fuck hairy styles is? I only saw Cillian Murphy. he seems to take part in most of Christopher Nolan's movies btw
parece una pel????cula muy mala Xd... D????ganle a EA que les haga el trailer Xd
If you like 1D , and your not a 12 year old girl. You can consider yourself a 'not a music fan'.
why is harry styles in this movie!?
Bizarre de voir son quartier dans un trailer ?? si gros budget ^_^
Looks awful where's America. We all know America single handedly won ww1, ww2, ww3, and is currently winning ww4
As a lover of anything history I????????m a little annoyed that one direction fans are hyping this movie up to be The Harry styles movie it????????s not his part is very small this movie is about a real evert that happened during world war 2 in 1940 if you are going to see this movie please what your going into
I personally would like to see a movie form the point of view of an SS officer...it would be a nice change of pace....
Did he say, Hope? In the end?
F IT UP HARRY YES HOEEEEE
NOLAN!!! It????s friggin Nolan film! Of course I have to see this?! It????s his first war movie so I????m really looking forward.
????????????????????? ???????????????????????? ???????????????€????????????????????????€????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????? ???????€? ????????????????? ???????????????? ???? ????????????????€????????? ???€????????????????€?????????????????? ???????????€????????€????€? ????????????????€????? ???????????? ???? ???????????? ???? ???????????????????????????????????????????€????? ???????????????????????? ???€????????????????????? ???????€? ???????????????????€?????????? ????????????????????????.
I normally don't care for these kinds of movies but Nolan hasn't let me down yet.
woaahh I m here for mah Harry ????????
i just watched next oscar winning movie trailer
"????????????? ???€????€????? ???€????????????????? ?
 p.s ????????????????????€????????€????? ???????? ???????????????????€????? ?????????????????????????"
i want to fuck harry
Dunkirk french town . french name but only british soldier ?????€??? Fuck you nolan
Is that a DINKIRK Miracle
OMFG YESSS
1:28 Hope is a weapon? That let me think about Star Wars.
This looks awful. War isn't pretty.
In Nolan we trust.
England goofed bad
???? ???????? ???????????????????????? ???€????????????????????? ????????????????????????? ???????€? ???????????????????????? https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/???€??????????????????????????_(???€?????????????????,_2017)
I got a feeling that Harry did a great job in this movie
Christopher Nolan never fails.
These comments make me want to die
Christopher Nolan
OMG HARRY!!
Im confused
HARREEEEH
call of guti 2 100%
A time when the germans squashed the french and the brits like insects.If there wouldnt have been an eastern front allies wouldnt have had a chance and vice-versa.You can really feel the "imperial superiority" of the Brits when they where running like cunt...XD.
OMG A British ww2 film for once!!!
Bravo! Tom fucking Hardy :D
Are these people in the comments REALLY trying to tell me that because I'm a fan of Harry Styles im an ignorant shallow girl who doesn't appreciate good movies or history? I'm crying with laughter
where are the French soldier who hold the front to permit the evacuation ?
Damn I love Christopher Nolan movies they all look realistic because he doesn't use that much CGI
In all of Christopher Nolans films theres always at least one actor that has already worked with him before...Conclusion : if u work with Nolan you'll be set for life on movies to act in
This is so beautiful
Canadian grade 11 students should like watch this for their socials 11 class tbh lol
"can wait to watch it
 my great great uncle fought and died in Dunkirk and I'd like to see how Christopher Nolan makes this film"
Sounds like I can't watch it .
You have gods for actors, director, musicians, and everyone is going ape about the fruitcake from one direction. I hate the world.
RIP One Direction ???????€?
"Where are all the POCs???? Yet another xenophobic, racist product made by white supremacists, fueled by the hatred and bigotry of Donald Drumpf
 Deplorable!"
Produced by Nolan , score by Zimmer, lead by Hardy...... ya it's lit.
It s Dunkerke ;)
i dont understand, why everybody is hating on the 1d fans. like if Leonardo dicaprio, was playing Harrys role. all the Leonardo fans, would see it, and nobody would hate on them. it is not fair
The whole point of Dunkirk is that Germans let the Brits evacuate their troops in hope to negotiate peace with them.
"There are only 2 directors in the world that I have absolute faith in to
  make phenomenal movies. Christopher Nolan and Quentin Tarantino. I will
  watch anything they put out. Anything"
Underwhelming
Fake
where can i get that music starting from 1:28 ?
Nobody can film an explosion like Chris Nolan! There should be an award for best on-screen explosion, and every Nolan movie made in the last 10 years would win it!
omg!! harry styles ????????????????????????????????
Worum geht es in dem Film...? Whats the history in this film...?
Subscribe|Me
GCSE history? Anyone?? XD
How they hell is Nolan gonna do a twist ending on a historical movie like this? Can't wait.
Where's the Americans....
im so excited for this movie!
All this history and fools care for Harry styles ?????? .Now I hope that he doesnt survive in the movie,my wish(blown to pieces),fingers crossed.
It's the BFG! lol at 1,20
I don't like the Nazis but they were right in killing the british imperialist pigs that had fucked up the world for centuries. You can't say the brits were innocent and didn't have it coming to them!
1:56 the flag on the boat, you think that's Canada's old flag?
"is it all about the attack on pearl Harbor??
 I don't know ???????€????????€????????€?"
My cousins a extra in this???????€?
where are germans
wow I thank that the first picture was battlefield 1
it is BF1 ? because where are soldiers french ?
like si lo ves por Harry ??????????????
I have no problem with this Harry Styles fellow (stupid fucking name though), but 1D fans are pure AIDs
I literally screamed every time I saw Harry's face ???????€????????€????????€?
Is this harry styles on 0:48 ?
RIP to the Nazi Axis. Fucking Allied scum :(
Not impressed :/
Can brits and muricans could at least once tell WW2 orgin story: I mean about Poland being attacked BOTH by Germany and Soviet Union in september 1939 as the ONLY country in entire WW2, having to fend themselves for one month (longer than France did, even though France was attacked ONLY from one side). But no! Muh Prrrl Harbour and muh Omaha beach! Better not to remember how brits and french betrayed poles, or how Roosevelt SOLD Poland to Stalin (and didn't told it to polish voters in US, because he would lost their votes).
people are so salty because Harry Styles is in the movie and we, directioners are raving about it. what can we do? we are supporting him, the essence of the movie remains but dont stop us from praising harry for what we dont expect him to do during their hiatus.
i do hope with all my heart, people go to watch this film to remember the actual people who ware there and and for the history of it as it has effected and shaped each generation after this tragic event happened and not just harry styles.
Hans Zimmer, is that you ?
"Looks fricking epic. Meanwhile, a minute's silence for the directioners who had to read up what dunkirk means.

 Speaking of which, hope harry gets done in with a luger."
Gilderoy Lockhart joined the navy?
This was courage of Churchill which saved the allies at that time....
I just love 1 and 2 World War movies.
"One Direction Film Total Gross: $28.873.374
 Christopher Nolan movies Total Gross: $1.816.484.941

 Christopher Nolan has produced more money than Harry will produce in his whole life. Deal with it brainless fangirls, he's doing just a minor role, in fact, he'll probably die in the film, and I'll applauding strong."
O pior erro do Fuhrer.
Make money online with zarfund and use that Referal link for zarfund https://www.zarfund.com/ref/77ff618433/register
What a trailer expect me to be in the theatre when this comes out!
"harry most talented guy
 love u harry
 love u one direction"
Meh, looks ok, not as good as I though it would look.
???????????????? ???????? ???€??????????????????????????????? ???€????????????????? ???????€????€?????????
Die Harry die!!!
What actually happened during the Dunkirk evacuation (according to 1D fans) - " The British and the French troops were surrounded by the Germans and getting slaughtered....All hope was lost...But not for long...Our lord and savior Harry Styles took out his microphone and started singing !!! ...And behold the miracle of Harry Styles was in full display....the German planes started falling out of the sky, one by one and the nazi troops started retreating !!....And in the distant sea a large evacuation ship named - The One Direction was in sight !! .....The day was saved ! "
This is gonna be lit ????????
I really want to watch this movie because I want to see the historical events held during the war and also because Harry Styles is in this movie ????????
the fuck is that Harry xD not gonna be surprised if all the members of one direction is in it ???????€?
when will Christopher Nolan make a movie with Tom Hardy in leading role? if he have already made any then please suggest....
Back when men were fucking men
This music confuse me.
NO SWIMMING MARTY
M. Night Shyamalan with the twist endings, J.J. Abrams with the lens flare and Christopher Nolan with the Hans Zimmer music. not that I'm complaining though. music's awesome
Here for Harry Styles
I don't mind if anyone comes into the movie for Harry Styles, as long as they come out of the movie with an increased understanding and respect for what people really had to go through in war.
Harry styles
i am here for harry style
????harry papasitooo!.???????€?
???????? ???????????????????? ????????-???????? ????????????????????€????????????? ???????? ???????€????????€? ???€?????????????????. ???????????????€????????? ???? ???????????????????????? ???????????€????????????????????????????? ???€?????????????????????€????? ???? ???????????????????? ????????????????????????????????? ???????????€????????????€????????? ???? ???????? ???????????????????????€?????????????? ????????????????????, ???? ???????????€????????? ???? ????????????????????????????? ???????????€????????€?????!!!
All this teenagers acting like Harry is the shit are dumbasses. Harry cannot act you stupid people. I hope he dies in minute one so I can continue watching the movie.
Hype
Nolanians like
This is just me, I'm getting tired of the Superhero concept and I'm ready for some war movies. Especially, WW2. I really don't want to see Spider-Man, FOR THE FORTH TIME.
looking to be ,superb movie!
Oh my god I'm so exctied!
lol, are you just watching for Tom Hardy and Harry Styles? CILLIAN MURPHY is in this too :3 ???????
Lest we forget
If you guys want to avoid 1D fans, go watch it at 70mm or IMAX, not that many 1D fans would be there.
my boy Batman making movies
M A D R E
who else is watching this in 2038?
I WILL SUBSCRIBE TO ANYONE WHO SUBS TO MY CHANNEL!!
plzz subscribe
War story that I've already seen 400 times before. I'll pass.
This looks pointless.
do you mean to tell me its another world war 2 movie which doesnt mention Ford Motor Company's involvement with the Third Reich?
I there only natural light in this movie
Harry wyd
Where's michael caine?
5M views in one day wtf
that looks like a really fucking good movie
BANE?
Why are people so annoyed with 1D fans even if they want to watch it only for Harry they're going to learn something while they're looking fir him. And not all the fans are immature You're judging a whole fandom by a stereotype
If I see one more WWII in my life I'm building a time machine. I'm not sure what for yet but at least I'll be too busy to hear about these damn money grabs off of mass graves anymore
harry styles at 1:52
Just gonna say to people who are just gonna watch this because of Harry Styles, actually realise he won't be a highlight, it'll be mostly focused on Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy.
I'm just worried about 1D fans in the cinema ruining the movie experiences. This is based on historical facts. It's a true drama. Do you think that I would be engaged in the movie if I hear some random fangirl screams? Please, if you're a 1D fan, try to have some respect. I know it must be exciting to watch your favourite person on earth in a movie, but please...
I was born in 1947 and read a lot about WWII. I HAVE to see this movie! And if those brave men could go out in rowboats and bring home their soldiers then I reckon those refugees could have been rescued from their Mediterranean deaths in similar fashion.
Hope is a weapon, i love this ?????€????.
Hey guys pls download weone app and use my refer i'd dry5h & earn Money by watching 3 adds per day..... Enjoy
To all the people who are complaining about the Harry comments: Harry Styles is a singer. Dunkirk is a highly anticipated movie production directed by one of the best directors out there, starring award winning and critically acclaimed actors. It's only natural people are curious about a performance of someone who's never acted before, not to mention in a movie that is so different from a world he's from. Of course no one is gonna be head over heels for actors that are experienced and have proven their acting skills already. Basically, shut the fuck up and let the Harry fans enjoy his performance and excitment.
"i just wnt to wtch this movie for nolan
 bcz iv seen nolan all movie including following"
Cillian Murphy was fantastic in Peaky Blinders, glad to see him in a major role like this
when i saw harry styles i thought it was the guy from the maze runner ayt first
g????zel
Free on my channel!!
I'm seeing this for one reason: CHRISTOPHER NOLAN!
nice trailer but those soldiers are...too clean! not even a scratch!
Free online business from home wtsapp me +918859073532
music plz
Enter my giveaway! Click my face!!
Honestly Harry looks so good????????
Hitler was a very good graphic designer, for a man with one ball.
Brutaal menoll
Que cantidad de "gente" envidiando a Harry, cuando sean un m????nimo de lo que es ????l vienen y critican, antes se callan.
????????????????????????????????€????? ???????? ???????????€????????????? ???????????????????????????????????€?????! http://TheInviteClub.com/?ref=31922
that was the most bordering trailer.
man.. war sure is ugly...
nolan rox
Con Harry Stylis como actor no me pienso perder esta peli
Christopher Nolan should have directed Batman vs Superman and its all future prequel. He was the DC only chance!
"1. Where's Harry?

 2.OH MA GERD HARRY YOU'RE SO FOOKING PRETTY I'M DED

 3.Where's Harry?"
Movie abouth British cowards runs like a pussies.
Spotted 1:39 Harry Styles!
That kid at start to the left looks like Harry Styles :D Like if you found :P
Medal of Honor movie ????????????????
Poor Christopher Nolan... Why his did this sh** ?
Best film that shows how Brits fuck up the invasion on Germany ;)
Spoiler alert: They escape from Dunkirk.
omg another awesome movie coming out...
Wir Deutschen sind immer die B????sen,hach.
Who movie hero
To those who are watching this because of some pop star and not even a fan of Christopher Nolan, hi?????€??€? i'm a fan . Both of them actually.
OMG...Is my love in the movie my Harry Styles. I want to see this movie. He is perfect. I love him. ????????????????????????????????
why this has so many views? war films are crap, specially american/british ones
0:48 harry styles
going to watch it for Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, the exceptional director Christopher Nolan and for the sake of good war movies. I don't know who this Harry dude is
I wonder how accurate this Warner Bros movie is going to be when they can't even get the British Union Flag right at 0:12 Some of the Britsh movie audience are going to laugh at you.
"Am I the only one surprised that there are no French troops at all?
 They were fighting tooth and nails alongside the Brits."
did the Germans win... ... ?
"Honestly there is nothing special about this evacution.
 Hitler could have fucked every soldier there, but decided to first take Paris."
I like Harry Styles but to be fair this looks shit
very ordinary trailer ...... but we all know its NOLAN so this movie has to be great.
Wow, not a single woman in this trailer? I guess that makes another sexist misogynist Hollywood film.
Where are the French? They were literally fighting the Germans holding back the main force of Germans securing the escape
This was the greatest retreat in WWII. Is that something to make a movie about? I'm sure it will be visually stunning, but do you really need to see a movie about this? Why not make a movie about the French rolling over for the Nazi's too?
Is that harry from one direction ?
French Stopped the Germans tanks in Dunkirk
Harry????????????????????????????????????????????????
yes!! Finally a movie to look forward to with all the crap being made
I bet my house that hans zimmer made the ost
germans did not attack the british soldiers
You got me at Christopher Nolan
WTF Where is french soldier ???!!!??
Battlefield 1: The Movie
Believe it or not, you can be interested in WWII history AND a singer from a band. Amazing.
Where's the noble black deck hand - who stays calm in the face of racism by the representative of British youth - and the Officer who - perhaps not fully convinced of the need for withdrawal - exhibits indifference to what he knows is imminent Jewish suffering? I guess I'll have to tune in to the entire film.
TheLegend27 is flying the plane
I really don't care that harry style is in this
I'm here because of Harry styles who's else?????????????????
To be perfectly honest I watched this for Harry but it actually looks genuinely interesting
song name at 1:28 please
???????????????????????? ????????????????????€????? ???€????????? ???????????????€????? ???? ???????????????€????? ???€????????????????? ????????????? ????????????????????????????€? ???? ???????????????€? 1941-1945 ????????????????! ???????????????????? ???????????????€????? ???€????????????????? ????????????? ???????????????????€?-???€????? ???€????????? ????????????????€????????????€?????????!
i wanna watch this because of harry styles ???????€????????€?
This comment section is a war all in its own. Fuck the movie id rather grab some popcorn and read the comments.
actua Harry styles!!! wooo que hermoso!!
"For those saying it's ""ruined"" because Harry makes an appearance in it... he didn't even say anything in this trailer and what's going around is that he has a small role anyhow.

 Give the movie / Styles a chance, especially when all you've seen is a 2 minute and 18 second trailer as well as a few photos."
"just when i forgot we were the bad guys
 thanks USA"
Hans zimmer background score awesome ...expecting more
my hero Tom hardy
Who's watching this because of Harry Styles?
"everyone fighting on whether they are going for harry or the history.
 Here i am hyped cause its a NOLAN movie."
Stop making you guys looks like the good guy here.You guys are the biggest terrorist group lol.
Fuckin right in the pussy :'v
Damn. This movie's going to be lit af.
oh my god! is that Harry styles? i defenitly want to see this movie. waiting for 2017....
HITLER DID NOTHING WRONG
"Tom hardy Cillian Murphy.......




 This will be a instant classic"
Nolan chooses harry styles to be one of the actors, i hope he didnt make a mistake
Nuovo video sul canale!!
HARRY STYLES!! so gorgerous
I feel like they are trolling the Harry fans at this point, lowkey, we already know he's going to die
Who else came for Harry??????????????????????????????HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY
Finally, something that isn't a sequel, remake, prequel, reimagining, reboot. Thank you Nolan.
If Harry dies in the movie MY MOVIE HALL WILL BE FLOODED
???€????€??????????????????????????
shot at IJsselmeer, Netherlands
My boy harry
I don't understand why you would go see a movie because of one person in it but whatevs. Trailer looks good
meh I'd rather read a book or watch a documentary.
Is this a fantasy movie of how perfidious Albion bravely fought in ww2 or a one inspired by REAL events where they betray their allies and hide on their tiny island begging USA for help?
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.TidalWaveEntertainment.MauisMayhem&hl=en#details-reviews This game is life
I'm in no way a Nolan fanboy but I'll watch anything he does when it comes to Holywood he is one of the best.
Will this movie 'SURVIVE'????????????
were the black people at?
please dont suck, please dotn suck!!!
anyone else think battlefield 1? i did
is there where allied troops were stuck on a beach . axis behind them and the English channel in front of them and the civilian boats carried them back to Britain .
I feel like i'm going to cry watching this movie...
Looks far too clean and tidy - there's supposed to be a war going on.?? Just stick with the 1958 John Mills version.
Wow. Thumps up ????????
Nothing will beat saving private Ryan
Here any one for hans
SLAAY HARRY
Noor Hasan
Amazing director, amazing actors this film should be incredible....oh hang on theyve got that kid out of one direction in it....maybe not.
is this starring cillian murphy? I hope so. he's such an under used actor.
is this saving private ryan part 2?
If Harry dies, I am done.
OMG IM SO EXITED !!!!
nice
Harry Styles is going to die in this film right? The answer really hinges on whether I go and see this film or not...
Harry Styles is going to die in this film right? The answer really hinges on whether I go and see this film or not.
Omg
It gave goosebumps! I'm sure it will be the great FILM cause it's CHRISTOPHER NOLAN! The best modern film director! THis guy is genious!
Harry styles my life ?????????????????????????????????????????????????
my grandfather was at dunkirk
harryyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Looks like Battlefield 1 To Me
is tom hardy in this much at all?
sick
IN NOLAN WE TRUST
Nolan? Count me in!
my Canadian uncle was part of the Canadian regiment that was tasked with defending Dunkirk during the evacuation. That same Canadian corps. was the second to last group to get out, but not before 35 of 50 Canadian soldiers were killed
flme de guerra que n????o tem uma gota de sangue??? ngm sangra nessa guerraaaa. j???? nem vou assistir
OMG harry !!
why all of a sudden there are many war movies... you are being brain washed. people are preparing!
Dunkirk ... Dunkirk ... Ho , you mean Dunkerque ?
that thumbnail reminded me of battlefield 1
wtf? shet
Looks very promising, however the sight of Ha-1112s instead of real Messerschmitt 109s is a disappointment.
"Okay listen... I am tired of those stupid comments saying: Harry Styles ruined it (or things like that). First of all, the movie isn't out yet... so you don't know if he is a good actor or not. Also, anyone can watch this movie. So stop complaining about that. I am going to watch this movie because I like Harry Styles... but also because Christopher Nolan is like my favourite movie director. I think this movie is going to be great... and if you don't think so then stop complaining and don't watch it
 Best wishes"
nolan...you did it agains
OMG the armchair war heroes and historians are in full Bullshit mode on here. Fucking children fuck grow up. My dicks bigger than yours.
I see Harry Styles!!!
Where's the French?
M
I'd like to see this movie but I'm worried there will just be a bunch of Harry styles fan girls squealing in the cinema.......???????€?
i will only watch this movie because its been directed by christopher nolan
Nolan Is Perfection
anyone know the movie rating?
Looks stale
It's DUNKERQUE putain de fils de putes sans respect
I've been waiting for this for awhile now
In 3 hrs 4.5M views thats great
These "Harry Styles" comments are giving me ultimate cancer
everyone in the comments hating harry styles is a goddamn hipster. sorry to burst your bubble but you're not cool just because you're 3 intellectual 5 pop culture.
I love WW2/WW1 movies!!
Les Dunkerquois sont l?? ?????
"why is everybody hating on harry styles in here?

 ""he can't even act"", ""christopher nolan is stupid for casting harry styles."", ""harry styles ruins this.""

 seriously? nobody here has any judgement on his acting skills, especially not from a two minute trailer. people are commenting saying how they were looking forward to the movie but were annoyed when harry was casted. if you are/were looking forward to it so much, don't you trust the director of the movie with casting him? it's honestly ridiculous; one single actor doesn't ruin the whole quality of a movie. no doubt that if it isn't as good as expected, he'll get blamed for that partly too.

 it's honestly ridiculous. from what is shown of harry in the media itself, he is a humble and hard-working guy who is yet to let fame get to his head. what has he ever done to get some of the insults in these comments? nothing; in fact he's very brave for stepping out for his debut on such a big movie, especially with the amount of hate he gets for everything he does already.

 if he doesn't turn out to be that good of an actor then fine, but like i said you can't judge somebody's acting qualities and skills from a two minute trailer which gives him around two, five second scenes."
I was a directioner, and I used to love the boys, but there is no place for Harry in this movie or any other movie. He can't act. He is a singer.
My great grandfather fought on the Allied side (France) in this battle. Bless his soul
01:47, Tom Hardy?
that's not how you spell duinkerke.
C NOLAN + HANS ZIMMER = AN AWESOME MOVIE
HARRYS IN IT. AND I LOVE HISTORY IM SO DOWN
british propaganda Long live germany
Harryyyy ????????????????????????????????????
harry styles ?????€??€?
Sadly, in the last 75 years, we learned nothing from events like that.
dunkerque
Seeing Harry Styles as part of the cast, I have lost immense respect for Nolan.
WWII? Really? Nolan?
ww1 right?
Is Harrt styles in this or is it just me??
This makes me interested in history
1:11 TOMMY FOOKIN SHELBY OF THE PEAKY FOOKIN BLINDERS
1:42 what ahppened to him
I get so nervous when I see singers trying to transition to acting. You either get a Mark Whalberg or a Rhianna. There is no in between.
It is look like battlefield 1
I want like waiting for some kind of superman to com????!
Yes please.
Hope this movie stays AS CLOSE AS POSSIBLE to historical facts and not hollywood BS....
i played in this movie as an extra! Im at 1:51 the lad in the left corner with the blanket. It was an awesome production to be a part of. Also met cillian murphy, very nice chap. Also had the honour to meet the director Mr Nolan. From what i saw while being there it will certainly be a great movie, the put a lot of time and effort in everything.
"let me just use this opportunity to state,
 THAT CHRISTOPHER FUCKING NOLAN JUST MADE ANOTHER MOVIEEEEE!!
 KIDS, HUG YOUR MOMS!! ITS EARLY CHRISTMAS"
Omg I can't wait to see tom hardy and cillian Murphy like omg!
Ooooooooo
Probably the first ever Chris Nolan movie I have zero interest in watching.
I was interested until i found out harry styles was in this fucccccccccccck whhhhy did they do this
Harry styles?
?????€???
am gonna watch this movie for TOM HARDY !
HARRY!!!!?????€????????€????????€????????€????????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€???????????????????????????????????
this looks amazing
And another English and American War Movie. German will probably be the bad guys. Why does nobody produce a movie about the germans ?
I DON'T CARE WHAT EVERYONE THINKS BUT I'M GONNA WATCH THIS JUST BECAUSE HARRY STYLES IS ACTING...
Battlefield 1 movie.....featuring WW2
We may have just found a replacement for Saving Private Ryan
who else came to see harry?
harry?
Why do people bitch if the movie will be American made, while you guys in Europe had all this time to make the fucking movie yourselves?
Who the fuck is Harry Styles? This is Dunkirk! #InNolanWeTrust
Ahh if Hanz Zimmer is also directing the music in this film I'm gonna orgasm!
Harryyyyyyyyyy I m here to see harry but Awesomeeeeeee TRAILER!!!!!!! Christopher Nolan u r just greattt.
harry
I love historic war movies and nobody makes them anymore because they bomb in the box office. I hope having someone like Harry Styles in this film encourages people to go see it so that Hollywood can make more movies like these.
Harry Is In ???????????????? Harry Styles
raise hands If you're here for Harry
What happened to the guy at 1:39
A very long trailer and it does give away too much I assume
I'm really interested to see how well Harry Styles is going to do in this movie, but I'm watching this for Aneurin Barnard, Cillian Murphy and Mark Rylance.
I don't know who Harry styles is, but I saw Scarecrow, Bane and professor Gilderoy Lockhart in that trailer. :)
Hope is a Weapon... Survival is a Victory... lesson learned
Holy shit this movie looks so good!
" m,m,j,m,j,j,n,jj j jj
"You're now watching a trailer made by a director who literally changed the Hollywood vision of making cinema
 Nolan ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????"
Harry ????????
C Nolan back at it
"sub= Good Grades
 Comment=Unlucky
 Like=bad grades"
Can't wait to watch this movie. Harry Styles ?????€??€?
HARRYYYYY <3
Soon, in theatres near you, BREXIT, the sequel...
not interested
Say me pleas track on 1:29
This looks like it's going to be the best war film ever since Saving Private Ryan.
ppopopopopllopopll**, and a half hour to get the best
i hope its more inception than interstellar for a big budget nolan film. Idk how Nolan is going to pull this out in the shadows of Saving Private Ryan and more lately Hacksaw Ridge.
I can see Harry Styles getting 360 noscoped
"Hi Warner Bros., expect to see some dislikes as this is not a trailer for another stupid super hero movie.

 Thanks."
Is Cillian Murphy Christopher Nolan's version of a teacher's pet or something? No complaints here though :???????)
KMSS I LOVE HAROLD
Hans Zimmer?
https://www.fiverr.com/droadruc/software-from-king-human-you-can-make-lots-of-money
Tom Hardy back with another breathing apparatus in a Christopher Nolan film.
Damn How to fuck did you mod Battlefield 1?
IDC WHAT ANYONE SAYS IM HERE FOR HARRY :))))))))
DID MY SON FUCKING DROWN!!?? I AM ABOUT TO CRY. DAMN GOOD ACTING!
battlefield 1 the movie
"People who have faith in Christopher Nolan and Don Corleone will subscribe Me.
 Please help me grow my channel will be very helpful.. Please"
HARRYYYYYYYYY
I'M SO EXCITED FOR THIS
Finally people start to talk about the movie a bit
The flag is wrong at 0:12 The thick white stripes should both be above the red line by the flag pole - not one over and and one under. If they can't even get the flag right......
ok thats not funny
Meh
Why can't more action movies be shot like this?
I will FUCKING die OMG if he's in trouble in this movie ughhh
"IM SUPPOSED TO BE PLAYING GAME OF WAR BUT THIS ONE PLAYER KEPPS KICKING MY ASS"
wow
A
Wait what? Hitler didn't massacre the brits at Dunkirk because he wanted peace with them. This ain't exactly accurate.
Can I get 10 subscribers for my birthday it will mean the world to me????????????
Battlefield 1
szkoda ze was tam Angole! ten Idiota Hitler nie wydusi???€? ! o jak ja bym chcia???€? aby Operacja lew Morski uda???€?a si????? !! i spali???€? ten wasz Londyn
So is it a sifi movie or a period drama cause the trailer it looks like Godzilla might come out in a shot
incoming tie fighters..
Harryyyyyyyyyyyyyy ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
British pussies .they can't do shit without Indian sepoys.hitler could have killed them just lk that
Why don't they make a movie about osama bin Laden or a biopic
THIS gave me goosebumps !
????????????????, ???€????€?????-???€????? ???????? ???????????????€????????€?????????????????. ???€????????€? "????????????????????????????????????€?" ???????????????? ????????????????€?????. ???????????? ???€????????€????? ???€????????????????????????€?????????? ???€?????????????????????????? ???????????€?????
OMG HARRY STYLES!111!1!111!!!!
"I SAW MY BABY HARRY OMFG

 sorry i went crazy I'm exited for the movie + hs xD"
All anyone is talking about is Harty Styles. He's managed to over shadow all the great actors in this movie already lol
Am i the only one who's here for Tom Hardy?
Harry Styles ??????????????????????????????????????????
where is Michael Caine?????
Honestly, people should watch this movie too remember and admire the people who shaped our generation into the way it is today, not a music star. This brings all the attention away from the real meaning of this film. All the 1D fans going for Harry not for the history and totally forget about the meaning of the true film. Sad.
If harry died in this movie i wanna see a directioner react ???????€?
And I bet all the basic white girls who are gonna watch this movie are gonna come out of the theater saying they have ptsd after watching it
I'm not okay!!! I'm crafting over here and the feels are all over the place.
????????????????????
"I swear the same actors are in Nolan movies:

 Tom Hardy: inception, the dark knight rises and Dunkirk

 Cillian Murphy: inception, the dark knight rises and Dunkirk."
This looks really good!
stop hating on harry and stop acting as if the film revolves around harry. this is his chance to show people his talent other than singing but other than that i really hope people watch this for the good of rememberance and for the history behind it ??????
Tom Hardy & Cillian Murphy, this movie is going to be amazing.
harry styles is gonna ruin this movie.
Hello 2017 ???????€?
unlike other films .....chris's films are btr dan d trailer....???????????????????????€?
wow, there is something about the Germans that ALWAYS portrays them incorrectly. in ww1 movies and games every german fighter is a red Baron and in this one, that looked good at first the bf109s have a stuka siren. nice
wait was that harry styles??? wtf?
bf109's making Junkers stuka sounds.. That's wrong on so many levels
Where is Harryy?????????
so British planes shoot at British troops??
this movie had better be trippy.. I plan on watching it on acid.
Meu Moz????o!! ????????????????????????
It's directed by Christopher Nolan I bet at the end we find out the war never happened and we're in a different dimension
Harry freaking styles ????????
Reminds me First half of Saving Private Rayan
amazing!!
???€??????????????????
Damn the comments are in fucking warzone over Harry Styles being in it. If Nolan casted him in there, it means that he's actually worth it. But what I don't fucking like is his cancerous fanbase are only watching it because of him being in there. But then again, it'll bring this movie a lot of money. So keep on supporting him with your 15 year old hormones please and maybe you'd learn a history lesson from this movie
This looks so intense and beautiful!
I want to see a battle of Stalingrad the story of both sides of the fight
Anything on the wars is always welcome be it the movie battleship, only watched that to see mighty mo' in action though the movie was shite
Peaky Blinders XD
GO HAZZA GO
Skip to the part where America bails Europe out again.
Imagine if all the dumbass Harry Styles dickriding millenials were blown to bits in a puddles of blood, bone and SnapChat filters instead of these brave soldiers. The world would be a MUCH better place.
Damn, the way Tom Hardy is revealed in this trailer is freaking amazing.
I hope this movie shows how atrocious war is, it's something horrible that none wants .
???€????????????? ???????? ???€????????????? ???????????? ?????????????????????????????, ???????????????????????? ???????????????????????????? . ???? ???????????? ???????€????????€????????????????????€? , ???????????????€????? ???????????????€?????????????????????????€????????????? .
Christofer Nolan made my as wake up to go to cinema
I'd like to point out that 50% of the comments about Harry Styles in this comment thread are by the very people that are complaining about his fans wanting to see the movie. It looks like his haters are just as obsessed with him as his fans.
FR EVERYTIME HARRY APPEARS I BET IM GONNA SCREAM
I hope Harry dies in the movie
i saw 8 hours ago like 700k views...and now almost 6 million views...
The faggot from 1d is acting in this? No thank you.
m watching this film only fr harryy
Hitler allowed the British to escape at Dunkirk as the Rothschild family did not want the war to end too soon.
"owww my hazza it's immense joy to see you grow babe
 can't wait for it"
les vrais disent Dunkerque lol !
Look I like Harry Styles as well, BUT don't let that take away what this movie is about!! It's not fair having all the attention based on him. This movie would be good with or without him. Not every thing is about Styles! So to all the fan girls, chill with the Harry Styles talk. This movie isn't about him!! It's about brave men that lost their lives fighting for something they believe in!
"christopher nolan as producer
 hans zimmer for music
 best combo ever exist"
Good trailer
IF HARRY DIES IM GONNA CRY A BUCKET OF TEARS AND LEAVE THE CINEMA
???€?????????????????????????€????????? ???????? ????????????????????????????€?????????? ????????????????????????? ???? ???????€????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????? ???????????? ???????????????????????????????????????? ???? ????????????????????€????? ????????????????????. http://socpublic.com/?i=975097&slide=3
never thought i would see fucking harry styles in a war movie i dont i like one direction
...
I love harry but i came for Nolan
Love it! Can't wait!
a movie about a retreat...sorry Nolan, you're my favourite director, but this lacks the best trait of your movies...originality
OMG looks so good!
Nolan is a supreme artist. He is doing things which the other directors can only imagine of! Dunkirk gonna be great...:)
I don't care what the movie is about, as long as Christopher Nolan is directing it, I'll watch it
Harry styles is a hair stylist if yall wondering who is he.
But...battlefield 1 told me that the British army was 70% black...
Brs? Esse vai ser bom! rs
Smart move by Nolan casting Harry Styles. Would funny as fuck to hear all the gasping in cinema if he dies.
Until rush ice kcrvqe liability analyst signature because.
looks like nothing much is happening throughout the movie...
The stulkas usually missed, and the tanks stopped because Hitler wanted them to escape
"For all 1D fans, with care:
 People isn't mad with you because you like Harry Styles, but just because some of you don't even know who is Christopher Nolan.
 Please, do your fucking research or watch his movies before coming here."
I am a simple person... I see Tom hardy and hit LIKE button....
yo this movie looks so damn good
I didn't understand their accent properly. . can anyone explain the dialogues in trailer? ?
Harold
It should be focused around all the civilian ships and boats that brought troops back home, focusing on the soldier's perspective is good to I guess.
When Germany could have easily attacked and taken Britain out of the war but Hitler was a retard
I am ww II movie fans, I dun care who is cast
This looks like it's gonna be a good movie and I can't wait to see Harry in it
god that background sound.... awesome work.
Mee to watching the movie for Harry styles finally release I been waiting for this movie
who the fuck is harry styles?
L'arm????e fran????aise ?
is that Tom Hardy??? like pilot?
This looks amazing ?????€???????????
How many liked the video before watchin
wow
I hope Harry Styles is only in the film for 1 minute before he gets blown to bits fingers crossed.
i am really a 1D fan but i dont adore them because i only adore God.... so dont stereotype us all. we love their music and admire them both as a group and as individuals. and i am thankful because of harry being in this movie because i can learn through watching this...
Yes another movie from Christopher Nolan!
Smart move casting Harry styles
???€?????????????????????????€????????????????€?????.???????????????????????????????????€????? ????????????????u???????????€?e???????? ???????? ???????????? ????????????????????! ???????????????????????????€????? ????????????????????????€????? 200 ???????????????????????????€????????????????? ???????? ???????????????????????? ????????????????.
nollan's movie certainly it's another great movie
Nice battlefield game
this looks so cool
What does he say at 1:26 please?
When 20% of the views are you rewatching and rewatching
this movie looks amazing
you are right for the most part BUT please don't generalized us all. you should give thanks to Harry because all of us will be getting significant infos in this movie ok? he is like a bridge and yeah harry willl not be there if he cant act.
?????????????????????€????????????? ?????????€??????????????????????????€?
Honestly I'm just laughing at the english names for the towns. I literally cannot take the title seriously
Millions of childhoods will be ruined as young girls go with mummy to see harry on the big screen only to see him die from a field of bullets and have his blood splatter on the screen in IMAX
that movie Deserve oscar
No one wants to talk about the insanity that world war is? That someone had to live through this, to go to a foreign country sometimes by force, to simply be blown to smithereens.
0:25 Actually it was because the French stopped them so the British could escape
whats the minnimal age to see the movie?
this film is going to be epic?????€???
???€????????????????€????????? ???????????????????????€????????? ???€????€?????????????? ????????????? ???????€????? ???€??????????????????
Everyone is commenting negative things about Harry Styles being in this but have yet to even give him a chance to prove that he's a good actor. I loved One Direction and yes, I am seeing this movie because of him and I typically wouldn't see this otherwise but now I'm genuinely interested in the movie as a whole. I wish everyone would just be respectful. He could turn out to be a great actor or a terrible actor but he at least deserves a chance.
An american movie about a battle with frenchs soldiers who sacrifice themself but not mention. How surprise ! Fucking propaganda, again... wake up french people , the true ennemy is right in front of you. Recently: first Battlefild 1 and now this movie, they don't even hide.
That soldier attire makes me wanna go play BF1
?????????????
"Pretty excited.

 Tom Hardy in a Spitfire cool."
I think it's nice that this encourages teens/young adults to learn something about the world's history. So yes, I'm really glad that Harry is a part of this film.
Hope is a curse, survival is luck.
sounds like hans zimmer !
waaaaaaw this film is lit
I hope we will see some Canadians in this
Ruined it with Harry Styles.
i love harry bUT CHRIS NOLAN AND TOM HARDY YALL I MEAN
In my opinion, I feel that this film is to be rated PG-13 because the announcement trailer played with Suicide Squad and Sully and the prologue precedes select 70mm IMAX screenings of Rogue One. All of those films are also rated PG-13.
nolan film without alfred :(
In Nolan we trust
I was just here to see Harry but this movie seems really interesting.I'l probably will go see it.
"plz stop uploading this kind of such trailer..
 everyone here just waiting for justice league trailer.."
wow just wow
Why are y'all so rude? Yeah, I'm going to watch the film because of Harry and what's the problem with that? It is my choice and that doesn't mean I disrespect Christopher Nolan, in fact, I know how important he is. Also this movie seems to be very interesting and, as a Harry Styles' fan, I feel so proud of him for being part of this huge and incredible project. If Nolan as a director chose Harry to be on the movie it was because he might have seen something on him so stop criticising Harry because you don't know how does he act. Maybe you're right and he is not a good actor but maybe he is. Moreover, it's his first film so why would you be so tough with him? C'mon, give him a break, he has done nothing for you to hate on him!
are you kidding is this a joke your going to tell me that they stood out in the open in the middle of war and the commander is saying that it may not be good ideanbut they stayed there anyway ,is this a comedy or the stupidest decision in the history of battle and you made a movie out of it ,oh wait its Chris Nolan he had one movie that worked and he is trying to milk it ,wow!
Harry styles ???????
If Harry styles dies in this movie, i'll promise you... the memes will be lit?????€???
battlefield 1 anyone?no?fucc
Its always funny to see english versions of your country's city names
I hope Harry Styles does justice to his role.
This will also be a masterpiece from Nolan...
Peaky blinders
Battlefield 1.5 Trailer
HARRY STYLES.
can only hope that non actor styles gets brutally injured and its his screaming that we remember
OMG
0:54 my reaction when I play medic in bf1.
I'm not gonna lie I was half expecting this to be a Dunkey video about Captain Kirk.
Poor Harry. I am going to watch this just because of him.
I'm so proud of Harry :')
"Why am I not surprised that everyone is gonna comment on Harry Styles?
 I mean I love him to death but it's about the MOVIE"
"Comment section:
 80% - People complaining about Harry Styles' fans
 20% - Harry Style's fans
 100% - People excited about a new movie by Nolan"
I just hope Harry doesn't die in this!!!
I was playing Game Of War, but this one player keeps kicking my ass
Better be accurate NOLAN!!!
#Nice
Christopher Nolan is back bitches!
British propaganda.
It looks ok. Extremely slick, not really like a war film though.
Nolan+Merphy+Hardy+Zimmer. Masterpiece!!!!!
wait ? Harry is in this movie ? well ehhhhhhh ? is that gonna make any difference
HAZZAA????????????????????????
christopher nolan???????? a fan. die hard fan of his movies... he is one of the best. waiting..
OMG HARRY????????????????????????????
"1. Im american, love history and I for one never learned this in class. Obv. this is a british and french battle, 1940, so early war. js i had to Google wtf was happening.

 2. the allied forces would have lost 300,000 more men if these two guys didn't wait. .?? Field MarshalsGerd von Rundstedt?? and?? G????nther von Kluge wanted to consolidate before attacking, hitler sanctioned the order and that gave the french defense line 3 days to be built. alot of men did evacuate because of that. so facts. and um yah go America"
I am I looking forward to seeing the film Dunkirk it looks amazing especially the dogfightingIt is also good to see a film with out inerprpiet scream for once.
$100 giveaway at 100 subscribers!
I guess we're supposed to feel sorry for the English zionist army in this flick?
I LOVE THIS!!!!
harry styles ????????
???€????????€????? ???????????????????????? ????????????????????????????? ???????€? ????????????????????€????????€??????????????!
"this looks so friggin good!
 Finally a new war movie that seems to keep up with the classics!"
Brits got rekt at dunkirk
Alter hab ich Bock darauf!!!
whos here from frankieonpc?
I agree hope is a weapon ????????
Nolan's one of my favorite directors. Anything he makes is bound to be phenomenal,
Everyone hyping the movie because of Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy or Christopher Nolan and I'm just happy to see Mark Rylance. That man deserved his Oscar in Bridge of Spies!
let's see if harry will live with the expectation of many fans. i doubt nolan would do this if it is for money
I AM SO BUGGING PUMPED FOR THIS MOVIE and for all you ppl saying shit about 1D fans for being excited for this movie, lmao piss off we're allowed to be excited for whatever reason we don't have to watch it for any historical reasons
Harry???????
harry styles is at 1:39
Two questions in which day and year II world war started? And in which day and year Germany attacked France, and when Evacuation in dunkirk happened?
Spotted Tom Hardy?? #letthehypetrainroll 1:48
Here comes the stuka
If that's Hans Zimmer, I'M IN. Movie already looks interesting, add him to the mix and we have a winner!
that dude dies 20 minutes into the film
OMAHA
The only reason they got away is because Hitler's let them get away
This summer?
OMFG IM DEAD
00:47 HARRY!
The movie looks very good but the trailer music is bad
ohh my Harry is sinking dont worry babe im coming to save you ????????????????????????
Is that Kenneth Branagh
LOL they knew what they were doing putting Harry Styles in this movie. But hey whatever works for immature teenage girls to see it...
is this in any assosiation with the dceu? just wondering
What do I read, search, see to understand the Plot of this Movie, the story of this Movie? What is this Related to?
won't top hacksaw ridge
i am so excited to see it!!!
What we do know is the film looks fucking beautiful. Kudos HvH.
Here Only because HARRY STYLES.
Nolan is bak wid a bang osm it is goona b
Bane and Scarecrow! That's great. :P
???????? ????????????????€?????????, ???€????????€????????????? ???????????????????€????? ????????????????????????????????? ???????????????€????€? ???????????€?????????????????????????€????€? ???? ????????????????????????????????€????€? ???????????????????????€????????? ???????????????????????? ????????????????????????, ???€????????????? ???????? ????????????, ????????????????????????????????????
This looks great. I'm anxious to see how Styles performs next to Hardy. Then again, when has Christopher Nolan been a disappointment;)
Holy fucking shit! FINALLY! I've missed you NOLAN!!
Never know what you're gonna get with Nolan, this trailer shows nothing much by way of how the film will work structurally, who will it follow as the protagonist? Or will it cut in between all the characters, Murphy, Rylance, Branagh, Hardy, Styles?? I don't know.
Looks great apart from the upside down Union Jack at 0:13.
"1 like: 10 days of good luck
 1 sub: watch the movie a month earlier with your celebrity crush
 Have a great christmas"
KILL ME NOW DJSNHDNSJDHSNDND
Can't wait!! I've always had a personal connection with soldiers and now one of my best people will star in it. I'm really looking forward to this!! xx
Can we put aside Harry Styles for a minute and praise how beautiful this trailer is?
whose the guy at 2:04?
???????????????????? ???????????????????????????? ????????????????€?????????, ???€????? ???????? ???????? ????????????????????????? ???€??????
DunKIRK , KIRK could have DUN it by just saying "Beam us up Scotty"!
"so finally after a long time, we will see a Christopher Nolan movie .
 But where is Michael Caine?"
For those who hated Harry Styles and said bad things about him and ask "why did Nolan choose Harry but not someone else?" sort of like that. I think Nolan chooses Harry for a reason, maybe he has the potential - I mean just look at Heath, people criticized Nolan for choosing him to be the Joker but it turns out that was a great choice, so I think Harry has the chance to become a big movie star like Heath. This is a personal opinion coming from a Nolan fan, not a Directioner :)
Can any tell me the song
???????????????????€????? ????????????????????????€??????????
probably biggest shit failure of 2017
Omg!!???????? Trending on #1 ?????????????????????€????????€????????€???
after this movie people will hate asians even more.
Harry Styles = zero credibility for this film. God bless the REAL heroes
What's all this Harry styles stuff all about
The most powerful statement in that clip is, "Hope is a weapon"... take heed.
Here for Harry ????????????
<3
#1 on trending ..
what the shit, nolan
"I think...
 Harry styles will be good."
I don't understand the plot. Btw, who's the main character?
dunkerque in french !!!!!
on va voir
simply Awesome
Came here because of hazza
"You say ??????HARRY!??????????????
 I say ??????HARDY!??????????????"
Who's going to watch the movie just to see harry like me ??
did i just saw harry styles????ohh shitt...can`t wait...
HYPE!!
the plane cgi looks great :)
Great Brexit film
"The best part is that m a directioner so i love Harry Styles so much. Proud of him! and my brother n i also love war movies! especially my bro, so i can easily go with my family to watch this lol!
 Harry my bae doing so good u r such a gr8 artist!
 ACTOR HARRY STYLES IS RISING! I REPEAT ACTOR HARRY STYLES IS RISING!"
And why were they fighting? Because of the 1%.
100tausend people like war aplaus fucking retard
Oh look,another unrealisti WW2 movie,so great.
oh my god that's harry
1:48 WHY DOES HE WEAR THE MASK!?!?!
Damn Battlefield 1 DLC looks nice
When I open the comments to have a discussion about the Dunkirk evacuation or Christopher Nolan's filmography, but all I see are arguments about Harry Styles...
I don't like harry potter or her fans, but Nolan is a God. If Nolan has allowed it to be so, so shall I.
harry:*drowning* me : harrrryyy immm coming for rescueee ???????€??????€????????€????????€???
I find interesting how such a large amount of people are complaining about the inclusion of Harry Styles in this movie. If I recall, a great number of people had a similar opinion in regards the casting of Heath Ledger in The Dark Knight. Given the outcome of THAT performance, perhaps people should learn not to preclude anything from Nolan's casting choice.
Hazza ?????????????€????????€????????€????????€???
Lol in this comment section I've seen people answering to comment which ask " What's the story about?" "It is a battle that occurred during the Invasion of Normandy" and some irrelevant operations with at least 50 fucking likes WTF . I mean I get it if you don't know but the audacity to lie and make up something in the comment section about a WW2 Movie littered with History Buffs . You are making a lot of people upside down
por la crestaaaa!! ta entero ricoooo harry papu quien fuera mar para que te ahogues en mi :$
ohh my god Harry
"Who the fuck is Harry Styles?
 And what the fuck is 1D?"
Scarecrow and Bane during WW1?
Gringos salvando el mundo, un cl????sico.
the genius s back .....
OMG i'm crying it's harry i'm so proud ! lmao i can't wait for it
Harry yaas
br na ????rea.. kkkkkkkkkkk
Who's excited because Christopher Nolan is making a new film and that alone is enough to make you want to see it?
Seguindo a linha do senhor Nolan de explicar seus filmes, prevejo linhas de dialogo do tipo "Ele est???? morto. Pois quando balas atingem o corpo humano, sofremos ferimentos e, muitas vezes, estes ferimentos se tornam graves, pois pontos vitais s????o atingidos, levando-nos a ????bito. Ir a ????bito significa morrer. ou seja, ele morreu pois foi atingido por uma bala".
And here you can see how supporting and tolerant these teens are, how rude and idiotic some adults are. Just let people watch the movie for whatever reason they have. Respect it for gods sake and be happy that there is something that will make young people more interested in history. What do you know? Maybe some fans will search up some other historical movies after watching this one.
Hope this soundtrack is also gonna be in the movie
THIS IS SO WRONG! HOW COME IS HARRY NOT THE LEAD ROLE!!!!
HARRY FREAKING STYLES. ????????????????????????????????????????
Is this another dlc for Battlefield 1?
Since Styles is in this movie, I'm pretty sure a bunch of girls who used to be Directioners would watch it and actually learn something about WW2 (and cry when Harry's character dies).
Even though some of us Directioners are basically only watching the movie because Harry is in it doesn't mean ALL Directioners are only here for him, some of us Directioners are glad Harry Styles is in it obviously but I personally would still watch it, whether or not Harry Styles is in it or not. I hope this speaks for all/majority of Directioners.
Battlefield 1.............
1:45 this barge moors very near to me
super les fran????ais n'ont jamais eu aucun rapport avec cette histoire de "dunkerque"
This looks like a really good movie honestly. I'm a history fanatic so this is right up my ally as well.
"Plot summary:
 After his overwhelming success at Gallipoli, the great military tactician Winston Churchill orchestrates yet another victory to add to his port-folly-o.. ?!"
No me la pierdo
Harry????????????????????????
Looks like it's gonna be a good film. Pretty excited.
Pls, not another W2 movie....enuf !
Where are the Americans that save the world??
this trailer legit gave me chills
Harrryyyy ???????????????????????????€??€?
Harryyy????????????????????????????????
I bet girls are going to watch it because they are 1D fans
I don't see why everyone's complaining about Harry Styles! I'd rather listen to anything other than 1D but this isn't music! This is a film by one of the greatest directors of this generation and if he decided that Harry Styles would be good in this movie then I trust him! It's not like What Makes you Beautiful is going to playing throughout it!
its been 23 hours and already 5 million views, amazing.
and as in INTERSTELLAR it sounds like Mr. Hans Zimmer <3
well you can't please everyone...
5 million views in 23 hours!
i'm so proud of u babe Harry Styles... youre so handsome, good job harry... I Love u babe:) :)
"1:48 ""Come on, Chris. Just let the audience see my mouth for once.""

 ""Tom, we talked about this. Put the mask on.""

 ""(Sigh)... shit"""
https://vk.com/leftbhndclothing
Cillian Murphy,Tom Hardy Are here but not Michael Caine this is the first movie without him since their collaboration.
if it's Christopher Nolan I'm watching it!!
???????????????????????€????????????????? ????????????????????????????€????????????????????€?????!!!
Who cares if people are excited for Harry to be in the film. I myself and a huge Christopher Nolan and tom hardy fan. But I don't care if a lot of fans one one d are excited cuz of Harry. It makes sense to me. Why hate? Who gives a shit what another one is excited for. At the end of the day we're all excited for a movie that looks like it has the potential to be one of the best in decades. So let's all be excited one d fan or not. ????????????????????
I watch this trailer and i think of battle field 1
tbh i never learned ww2 in school or even what dunkirk is (and i live in france lmao...) so after reading the comments of what the film is about i really wish i could go see it, looks interesting
JAI VU ZOULOUX AHAHA
IT'S DUNKERQUE PTTN???????€?
What a nice comedic film. Too bad there aren't no comedians.
....When are Americans gonna STOP MILKING WW2?
yall do realize theres more people complaining about 1d fans than 1d fans talking about harry here
Looks good, but the only thing I don't like about a lot of?? newer war movies is how they make the enemy (in this case the Nazi's) some nameless faceless enemy, almost robotic. Seemingly as to not incite any emotional connection to the violence. It is like Hollywood doesn't think we can handle it. Anyways, the only reason all 400k British Soldiers didn't die there was because Hitler commanded his Generals to halt the attack, despite their pleading with him to press on and destroy them. They could have forced surrender at Dunkirk if they had pressed on, but luckily Hitler's hubris prevented that from happening. There are multiple theories, one is that Hitler saw the British as a potential ally because they are a Germanic peoples themselves. The other theory is that he wanted a more glorious victory over the British. Who really knows what a madman is thinking?
hi
I am watching this because bitch Harry is in it and then I like learning about this war and then Christopher Nolan
wow the heroic brits. What would the allies have done without them. Probably win the war much faster.
si Harry meure dans le film sa sera la fin du monde pour les directioners (on le voie se noyer dans le triller 1)
This film looks great, but it was a ridiculous choice to cast Harry Styles in it. It just seems insincere.A pop star being in it detracts from what the main focus of this film should be, an immersive representation of the horror that thousands of men endured in fighting for freedom. I also fear that cinemas showing it will be packed with screaming young girls, who will not appreciate the gravity of the film or the real sacrifice of the men portrayed in it.
"?????€??? DIGITAL INDIA JOB OFFER ?????€???

 ???????? No Investment
 ???????? No Registration fees
 ???????? Boys & Girl both are join
 ???????? Only 2 Hours work
 ???????? Earn 500+100/ daily

 ?????€??? Interested candidates contact me on WhatsApp type ""DIGITAL INDIA"" & send (8223814273) ?????€???"
harry!!
#InNolanWeTrust
Who the fuck is Harry Styles, never heard of him ?
The first movie in a long time I'm actually looking forward to.
C'est grave bizarre quand tu connais Dunkerque mddr
why the fuck is that dope from that gay band in this? way to ruin a movie! perfect with cillian Murphy and Tom hardy in it
This is what real movies are about! Not some Shit like suicide squad or SuperDick or whatever Kids like these days
Kike propaganda
I can't wait!
Where are all the black people? Don't they know it's (current year) and all our wars need diversity hires?
i am going to watch this video for harry styles and y cause I am a directioner
Que Dios haya recibido en su casa a todos estos hermanos ca????dos y tambi????n les otorgue el perd????n a quienes los da????aron ????????????????????????????????
I don't give a damn if some member of a boy band is in this movie. I wanna see the retreat of the Brits from fucking Dunkirk finally made into a movie.
https://vk.com/iron_addicte
awesome.....nolan his craft is very consistent.....how can be a person so creatively constant in each movie
the new call of duty waw trailer
where is all the blood, the blood that should be shown on the beach and in the water?
I think it was Harry Styles who said "Dunkirk"
"Am I the only thinking it's strange that there are NO French soldier in this movie? Fuck that. I'm done. We've been cut off of bf 1 and yet 2 millions of french peopledied) we're cut off DUNKERQUE. THE WHOLE CITY IS IN FRENCH. FRENCH SOLDIERS FOUGHT TO PROTECT THE ENGLISH WITHDRAW.
 FUCK THAT; I'm fuckiing done"
Y'all go sub and watch my channel it's really funny
this is fake, the world was in black and white back then.
im here for harry styles tom hardy and christopher nolan and not complaining like an edgy bitter commenter. like who the fuck cares if someones here bc of harry.. like duh theyre fans of him. they wanna watch it for them. maybe they dont know of other famous actors. who. the hell. cares. they can acknowledge the other great actors after watching the movie. yall call other people triggered when ur the same bc someone isn't acknowledging nolan or hardy or murphy. CHILL out
I've never waited so long for a trailer in my entire life.
For everyone shit balling about Harry styles the director, producer and casting agent would not have put him in this high budget film if he couldn't act. Have some faith.
This film looks so fucking good most there arent many WW2 films about Dunkirk i hope this is good
nolans previous movies are sucks, maybe this time he will try to be serious
I can't wait to see the movie, and I think it's sad that most of the popularity of it comes from the fact that Harry Styles is in it, (although I'm a fan). I wish more people were interested on it because of the story.
"I got this crazy idea.........
 I could be nuts........
 Here it is........



 Get The Fuck Off The Beach!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 RuuuuuuuuuuuuN
 RuuuuuN U fucks!!!!"
Woah I knew the story but I didn't realise this was going to be a PROPER movie lol
Most of the people who fought during WW2 were black.
Ma andate affanculo voi fangirl dimmerda di quel frocio di Harry styles porcoiddio
Machine gunning our defenseless boys on the beaches, and now the sneaky Jerries want to rule Britain by stealth!? By God, it shall not stand! We defeated Supreme Ruler Merkel at the ballot box, and if the Unified Army of the Peoples Federation of Europe (coming soon) want to make something of it, they can come and have a go! While they were cowering in Berlin and handing their women over to Ottoman Invaders without a fight, we were battling in Afghanistan and Iraq, earning the veterancy that would see us crush the unblooded "soldiers" from Marxist France and Germany. We shall send them packing, melt the Eiffel Tower down and turn it into tanks, and then nail Jean Claude Junker's hands to the doors of the Louise Weiss building in Strasbourg. We shall not go gentle into that good night.. the British liberated Europe once before, and we shall do so again. FOR BREXIT, FOR THE FREE PEOPLE OF EUROPE, TO VICTORY!! :D
Mark Rylance, Tom Hardy, Kenneth Branagh, and Cillian Murphy are in this film, and all people are talking about is fucking One Direction...
I like Christopher Nolan but him making ww2 movies worries me. It looks like he's making this film too emotional. There better be some damn good action here
Harry is actually a lucky guy. Making his acting debut under the direction of Christopher Nolan, along side Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy
Oh great another war movie. Let's idolize war because we are all so smart !
Completely inaccurate. Looks like Nolan is trying to make his Pearl Harbor movie or his Amistad movie. This is not how Dunkirk looked.
Its another epic from Nolan sir
Make more ww2 movies!
#NAME?
"I am eagerly waiting for this movie only because of harry.
 I love you harry"
Well At least Henry styles is shot ,and hopefully killed.
?????€????????€????????€???
SOMEBODY GO AND SAVE MY SON OMG HELP
Harry????????
HARRY
Not going to lie...When I read the comments and saw "Harry" I re-watched the trailer to look for Daniel Radcliffe
interesting
Okay people... So what if they cast Harry Styles ? And the purpose is not so that obsessive teen girls learn something about history... I love One Direction and I love History, I would've watched it either way... So if you could just calm down and stop targeting Harry Styles it would be very well appreciated... Plus Christopher Nolan's lines - " Harry is a commendable actor. "
(..???€?...???€?..)
Cool a movie about one of the largest evacuation of world war 2!
"All those guys saying ""I will watch this for Harry Style's.""
 He's gonna die two seconds in the retreat."
I just watched it for Harry styles but dang this looks like a good movie
???????????????????????€?????????????????? ???????????????????????? 15 ?????????????
Hey guys if you want to see a reaction to this trailer i just posted one. Check it out!
I saw Harry 3 times, I'm unhappy
All the best Dunkirk team ?????€???????????????????
At first watch the trailer was just ok. But the more you repeat it the better it gets.
where is Harry Styles ?
The only mistake that they did with this film is casting a singer as an actor, if they act in their video clips for their songs, that doesn't mean you're an actor. So keep them on the mainstream radio, don't put them in films just to sell your films. In my opinion it's not Hollywood's fault for making shit films with shit actors (and I don't mean this film btw, other mainstream Hollywood crap), it's the public's fault for going to see and pay for such a bad film.
we have culian murphy tom hardy mark raylance who the fuck is that shit harry style to argue about
Meh...
this time...Nolan movie is focused on western countries wars and survival of men in that....
No????an i LOVE you!!!
hoping for some good dogfight scences
I have a feeling that this movie is gonna be around as good as 300 or Gladiator
"OH
 MY
 FUCKING
 GOD"
this looked great until harry styles. shame on WB
The colors the text font, everything reminds me so much of Death Stranding somehow.
There are 400,000 soldiers and all you care about is Harry Potter? I'm outta here
WHAT IS THAT SMELL? Mmmm fanfics.
OMG!!! HARRY STYLES IS IN THIS AND I SAW HIM,THAT'S ALL I WANT:)
Honestly, I can't stand boy bands, but I guess this film gives a chance for Harry Styles to redeem himself
How to depict cowards as heroes and vice versa.
Harry styles looking fine ????????????????????????
Wow I can't believe this is first place in trending oh wait i can believe it because duh it's a Christopher Nolan movie AND it's Harry styles AND Tom Hardy AND Cillian Murphy of course the movie will be first in trending
2k people decided to rotate the screen and give it a like.
"The background music though <3
 Hans Zimmer + Christopher Nolan = Perfection"
i love harry ????????????????????????
Murphy. Hardy. D'Arcy. Styles. Branagh. Nolan. I was already in after watching David Ayer's Fury. Heh, heh, Yeah Bwoii!
finally...
Looks amazing.IMAX without the stupid 3D.Great!!
bf1????????????????????????
only britans, amerikans,every movie...
Who else is here because they LOVE Nolan movies and LOVE Hans Zimmer's scores and they LOVE good movies portraying important historical events but they also LOVE Harry Styles ?
its been a long time since iv seen an actual trailer like this one...u just get nothing revealed
All the movies are coming out in the summer!!
???????????????????€? ???????? ???????????????????????€????? , ???? ???????????????€????????????????????????€????€? ???????????????????????????€?
So the whole movie is soldiers on a beach and on a boat being mowed down by planes. I WANNA WATCH!
But the luftwaffe couldn't attack because it was too foggy...
All this coments about Harry Styles but I still can't find him.
???????????????????????????€? ?????????????????????????????????????????. ????????????????????????????. ???????? ???????????????€?????????????€????? ???????? ????????????????
meme pas foutu de mettre le nom de la ville en fran????ais c'est DUNKERQUE bande cons
I'm so freaking excited to see the movie AND Harry it looks absolutely amazing
I didn't realize Harry Styles in this until I read the comment section.
bf109 and spit 1:03 but sound of diving Stuka or not ?
ATLEAST ITS NOT LIKE STALINGRAD
????????????????? ???€????????????????????????€?
follow eric_dck on insta
I came here for the comments.
Epic movie
I think the 1D fans watching this for Harry Fucking Styles don't even know what the battle of Dunkirk is.
That thumbnail :3
is the harry
Filmes sobre a Guerra, amo ou adoro?
shows how hollywood is advancing in the war genre since saving private ryan!
Nothing like a movie about nazi war crimes
What's up with the helmets?
HAROLD
btw 1D is no more!!
"Online Job?????€????????€???Online Job?????€????????€??? Online Job?????€????????€???
 CHAMP CASH (Champion Networks Pvt. Ltd.) ?????€??????€?
 25,000 ?????????????????€??????€? ?????€??????? ?????????????????€??????????????????€??????€? ?????€???????? ?????€??????????????????????????????€????????????? ???????????? !
 ???????????€? ???????????€??????€? 2 - 3 ???????????€????????????€? ?????????????????????????????? - ???????????????????????? ?????€??????????????????€? ???????????€????????????????????????? ?????€????????????? ?????€??????????????????€? ?????€??????€?
 ?????€??????????????????€????????????€? ???????????€? , ??????????????????? ???????????€??????€? ???????????€????????????????????????€? ?????€????????????€??????€? !!
 ?????€??€??????€??????? ???????????€??????€??????€? ?????€??????€? ?????????????????? ???????????€??????????????????????????????€??????? ???????????€??????????????????€??????? ???????????€????????????? ?????€??????????????????????????????€? ???????????? ,
 ?????€??????? ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ?????€??????? ???????????€????????????????????????€? ???????????€??????€? ?????€??????????????????€???????? ???????????????????????€???????????????????? ???????????€????????????? ?????€????????????? ?????€??????????????????????????????€? ???????????? !!
 ?????€??€??????€??????? (?????€????????????€??????? ) : 10,000/- ???????????€? 25,000/- ?????????????????????????????? ?????????????????? (?????€????????????€??????€?
 ?????€????????????????????????? ?????€??????€? ?????€??????????????????????????????? )
 ?????€??€??????€??????€??????? ????????????? ?????€???????????????????? ???????????????????????€????????????? ?????€???????? ?????????????????€??????? ???????????? ??????????????????? ????????????????????????€? ????????????, ???????????? ???????????€???????
 ?????????????????????????????€????????????? ?????????????????????????????? ???????????? !
 ???????????? ???????????€??????? ?????€??????€? ???????????????????????€? ?????€????????????€????????????? ?????€??????????????????€? ???????????€????????????? ???????????? : -
 1?????????????????????????????€? ???????????????????????€? ?????€??????? ?????€??????????????????€? ???????????€??????????????????€??????? ???????????€??????€? ???????????????????????€? ???????????????????????€??????? ???????????€??????€? ?????????????????€???????
 ""Champcash"" ?????€??????€? ???????????????????????? ?????€????????????€??????€? ?????€??????? ?????????????????€??????????????????€??????? ?????€??????? ???????????€??????€? !
 2???????????€???????????????????? ???????????€?????????????? ???????????????????????€???????????????????? ?????€??????€? ???????????€??????????????????? ???????????€??????€? ?????????????????€? ?????€??????? ?????€????????????€??????€? ?????????????????? ???????????€??????? ?????€??????? Sponsar id ???????????????????????€? : 8584138
 3???????????€??????????????????? ?????€????????????€????????????? ???????????????????????€??????????????????? ?????€??????€? ?????????????????€????????????????????????€? ?????€????????????€? - ?????€??????? ?????€????????????€??????? ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????????? ???????????€? ?????€????????????? ?????€??????? ?????€??????? ?????€????????????? ?????€??????? ???????????€????????????€? ?????????????????€? !
 ?????€??????? ?????€????????????€??????€? ?????€??????????????????? ?????€????????????€????????????? ???????????€????????????€??????? ???????????€????????????? ?????€??????€? ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????? ???????????????????????€???????
 ?????€??????????????????? ???????????? :
 ?????€??????????????????????????????? : 8584138 (?????€??????????????????? ???????????€????????????? ?????€??????€??????? ?????????????????€??????€??????€? ) ?????€???????
 ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????€????????????? : 95013-36846 ???????????? ???????????€??????? ???????????€? !!
 ???????????€??????? : ?????€??????€????????????? ???????????€?????????????????????????? ???????????€??????€? ????????????? ???????????????????????????????????€? ?????€????????????€??????€? ???????????€? ?????€??????????????????€? ?????€????????????€? ?????€??????? ?????????????????€??????????????????€? ?????€???????? ???????????????????????????????????? ???????????€????????????€??????€? ???????????€??????€???????
 Online Job?????€????????€???Online Job?????€????????€??? Online Job?????€????????€???"
"Hi, please consider checking out these bracelets for $8 on Amazon:
 https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01L9PDVPK
 Thank you for your time!"
Who needs movies when you've got bleach and a bathtub
"Can't Wait
 .
 .
 https://teespring.com/youtube-video-disable-shirt#pid=2&cid=568&sid=front"
England vs Germany was like a chicken vs a T.Rex.
BF-109 with the diving Stuka sound is a bit silly.
Man, that soundtrack!
?????????????????????????????????????!!!
this movie will be a better treat to all Nolan fans and tom hardy is always great
Dunkey
I need the music.
HARRY'S DROWNING????????????????????????
"Why hitler decided to halt the advance no one knows.

 there are two theories
 1) his general was outshining him and he had to make an example of him by halting him dead in his tracks....(so he would not get the glorious title.)
 2)hitler wanted them to escape and spared them...to show he is trying to honor the Geneva convention."
this looks epic
this movie gonna have more views for Harry then the real motivation
BF1
Amazing
Oh god harry
body online tight selection
Dunkirk should be up there with Stalingrad and D-Day as one of the most dramatic events of WW2.?? It's great it's now getting a movie, I'm really looking forward to watching the movie.
Nolan like Cillian Murphy a lot......
Its funny but DIRECTIONERS are just interested to Harry yeah right....Love you Haz ????????
I've actually haven't learned about Dunkirk in school. I'm really excited to see this now. I'm a sucker for history movies! And Harry Styles. Maybe it's bc I'm taking World Civ. for the first time and we are currently learning about the European Revolutionary era.
"harry muere haogado?
 plis"
Hanz Zimmer, Christopher Nolan, WW2, Mad Max/Bane, sign me up.
nothing can beat christopher nolan direction
Another nolan movie... Thank you god
another stupid war movie re-enactment. more hollywood rubbish.
K I N O
"instead of commenting unnecessary things about ""reason why you came and watch this movie trailer""..


 why dont y'all sit your ass down and enjoy the trailer like, THIS IS JUST A FUCKIN TRAILER, SO SIT DOWN."
hazza ??????
finally, the master's own war epic...... where you get a Soviet spy, a King of England and not 1 but 2 Batman villains....
DAMN SON THIS SUMMER STOP MAKIN ME WAIT!!!
Man, when I saw the actors, I said out loud "again?" Is Noln going to work with only his group of friends from now on or what?
Man I tell ya if I had a penny for how many gender's there I'd HAVE.... 2 cent's .___.
You guys are still making second world war movies when you are preparing for another world war...
"A message to those hating on Directioners and Harry Syles:

 Do you honestly have nothing better to do with your lives?? Are you so bored with yourselves and your lives that you had to resort to hating on people that you don't even know?? And you call Directioners childish??
 You throw hissy fits when people hate on you but you can go around hating, criticizing and judging others before even giving them the chance to prove themselves.
 YOU.ARE.HIPPOCRATES.
 Grow up. Get a life. And stop insulting others just to feel better about yourselves.
 PATHETIC."
AAAAAAAAAAANIDNWICNJWNDOJNDWJICNWDIJNCWIDJCIJ THIS LOOKS FUCKING AMAZING
Came here for Hans Zimmer.
My sister said she'll be watching this movie only for Harry Styles, including her friends, idk how I feel about that...
Movies based on real wars are my personal favorite. Pair that with the director of some of the greatest movies within the past decade and you've blown me away. Hopefully this movie lives up to the "hype." And fuck reviews, I'm watching it the day it releases.
I think this will be such a great work. I love war movies, so...
incre????ble...
what is the name of the actor at 0:25 ??
Whats funny is that most people here are complaining about a popstar diving into movies. Christopher wouldnt cast him if he thinks he's not good. We should wait for the movie and criticize
HARRY!!!!
???????????€????????????? ???????? ???????????????????€????????? ????????????????
I love u harry !!!!
What's the point of this film? It was made decades ago and a wild stab in the dark is much, much better than the hollywood spun version. (I bet the Americans are saving the day, in this flim, right?<SARC>)
OMFG YASSS HARRY GIVE THIS MOVIE AN OSCAR ALREADY
This is gonna be so good
Battlefield 9 sneak peak?
harry got more screen time than the main character in this trailer?????€?????????€????
Everyone moaning about Harry Styles....I didn't even see him in the trailer. Too busy staring glazy eyed at the spitfires <3 :)
Love to see the ww1 ww2 era of movies n games are coming back!!
Deutsche rasieren? Das kommt selten vor. Also guck ich mir den Film an, vllt wird er ja ganz gut
I'm more excited for Tom Hardy
It looks like Handsome Johnny with a carbine in his hand marching to the Dunkirk war, marching to the Dunkirk war
what is harry"s character here?
The Trailer Looks Good! But The Nolan Factor is missing somewhere.Mark Rylance,Tom Hardy,Cilian Murphy are looking stunning here! All the best Dunkirk! May you cross the ' 1 Billion $ Mark'
Whoa Harry ?????????????????????€??€?
What's this film about? Did I miss something that happened back then? But in all it looks amazing!
Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy! Any other Peaky Blinder fans excited as hell?!
how many oscars will this movie get
Harry styles pause at 0:49 secs thank me with a like for Xmas happy Christmas ???????€? everyone see you all next year my heart goes out to everyone that made our country safe and still speak English GOD BLESS
Am I the only one who didn't know this was harry styles till I went into the comments
Dunwyn, Dunwall, Kirkwall, Dunkirk. Guys, stop with the stupid names will ya! Just call it another WW trash movie no one needs.
Bf109 planes that make the jericho trumpet sound trigger me.
I live for Harry in this movie ????????
Why the h almost all of these comments are complaining about harry styles
i am fucking dead ok....
French soldiers played a huge role in Dunkirk battle to allow the British army and a part of the French army to retreat but for some reason I guess we are not gonna see a single French soldier in this movie, that's sad...
I can't wait for harry's first movie, "Dunkirk" on 2017 of July!!!!!!!. Harry Styles such a great, great, great and great drama actor. I was thinking, if I'm grown up, I'll could be a part of Dunkirk and be with my crush Harry Styles and when I was in Dunkirk, my character's name will be...... Mia... My massage to Harry is.... Harry, be a good actor. All of us, directioners, we can't wait for your drama world war 2 movie, "Dunkirk"on 2017 of July. There are all my sayings to you Harry. Thank you for all of what you done to us. You made me and all the Harry fans very happy. I wish there will be Dunkirk 2, hey..... what if you will make Dunkirk 2 please!!!!! I'll have something to you Harry, when I am in your movie Dunkirk, can I be your girlfriend?
Is this World War One or World War Two? Because it looks like they're wearing WW1 helmets but the cars and planes look WW2. I can't tell
All these people commenting hate about Harry like please shut up. I mean you haven't even seen the movie or his acting yet so don't be so dismissive. And for all the people commenting hate about Directioners being excited and happy about Harry being in a movie, you can shut up too. If one of your favourite people had one of the main roles in a movie you would be excited too. You may not be as excited but you can't blame them for it. So please just calm yourselves and let the people be.
wooowwwwwww well done guys
I can safely say that we learnt all about Dunkirk in the Australian school system. Maybe its a bit of a consequence of our colonial history.
where is the blood?
omg ?????????????????????
these days its easier to go to Mars than to find comments related to post !
Dunkirk was when Germany snuck up on France and England in ww2! Germany snuck through the boarder forcing France and British troops to evacuate on the beach of Dunkirk EVACUATION OF DUNKIRK
I hope movie will be better than the trailer
Nolan could make a documentary about snails fighting each other and I'd still watch it. 2017 please come sooner.
alguien me puede comentar de que se trata la pelicula porfavor donde se origino donde es
finally a WW2 movie
???????????????????? ????????????????€????????????€????€? ???????????????????????? ???????????? ????????????????????
Nolan made lots of great movies so I'm looking forward to this. :)
hail hitler ,this is a lie.
Stop hating on people wanting to see the movie because of Harry - they wouldn't have given him the role if he didn't deserve it, besides I'm just excited for Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy
The casting director didn't initially want Harry Styles to be casted in the movie. They didn't want him to overshadow what the movie is about. But he auditioned and he worked his ass off get casted. So all I ask is that you give him a chance. As for 1d fans DONT FUCKING SCREAM EVERY TIME HE COMES ON SCREEN IN THE MOVIE. DONT RUIN IT!!!
Nazi Tom Hardy!!! Can't wait!!! XD
"in 70mm" YEEES LORD
OMG I HAVE TO WATCH THIS MOVIE not only cuz harry is in it, it actually looks like a good movie
"hey there
 im fan of harry styles
 please give him chance to
 show his acting skills christopher Nolan did not choose him for nothing because harry gets a younger audience so this is going to be a great with all the acters in it im so excited to see this when it comes out next in july"
for a moment i thought it was a ww1 movie until i saw the ww2 era plane and the land rover defender. It will be pretty awesome if they did a ww1 movie just after battlefield 1 just came out this year.
this Trailer has far more less views compared to Furious8 but still more likes than Furious8..????????
HARRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYY
Who is gonna watch it only for Haz ????????????????
Christopher Nolan = the new Spielberg :)
I thought I remeberered Dunkirk of something then I realised I read a book with a man who was born deformed such a great movie and he went to Dunkirk the book was he show goose
Great another all white movie about cave people doing what they do best WAR haha who gives a flying fuck about this shit?
This movie is so inaccurate to what actually happened it is laughable, 2 minutes of this movies tells me it shit and they didn't do there research
Battlefield 1
would it help?
This looks fucking amazing
Omg they made a Battlefield 1 movie
Is that Harry Styles on the left at 0:48?
nice bro
shit Zimmer got me with his soundtrack at 1.44...amazing soundtrack with epic scenes...that will make this movie great..
???? ????????????????????€????? ???????????€????????????????? ???????€????? ???€????????€? https://vk.com/konditrer_magnitogorsk
Battle of Dunkerk with no french on screen. What the hell
"What is this? who is that and why should i care?

 wait... are those UK Soldiers? i'm in... we barely see those fuckers in action on WW2 movies, now we get to see them Die without any change of fighting back.

 Popcorn Flick right there... i don't care about Historical Accuracy... that is for the BOOKS to do it right."
L
Will be great to see a movie about a place that I have visited numerous times, and I hope it features some Belgians to make me proud haha... RIP all the soldiers though
BF1?
WATCHING THIS BECAUSE OF HARRY STYLES????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
CHRIS EFFIN NOLAN...
No soldiers go to heaven.
???????€????? ???????? ?? ???????????????????? ???€??????????????!
???????€????? ???????? ???????????????????????? ???????????€?????????????????€???????????????????????????
this is cool man i like action movies and i like 1D yasss
everyone can fuck off its not like we're gonna scream everytime harry comes on screen, is it really a crime to be excited that one of our idols is gonna be in a movie
?? ???????????????????????? ???????????€??????
holy sh*t i must watch this movie!
1:48 YOU'RE A BIG GUY
FROM ONE TRAILER HEART GOES TO THE HEEL GOD
does the harry styles character get blown up into pieces with limbs flying in all directions??????
BELGIUUUUMM
harry..
"Nolan and Harry !
 It's gonna be great ??????"
???????? ???????€????????????€????? ?????? ???€?????????€????€??? ???? ???????€??? ???€????????€? ???€? ???????????????????? ???????????????€????????? ???€????????????????????€?????
OMEGA ADA PACAR GUA
Let me guess, we won't see anything of the French division holding off 15 German divisions for the miracle of Dunkirk to happen.
wowoww!!!!
I always thought this was a very interesting event when watching documentaries on ww2 and the Wehrmacht
????????????????????????????€????€? ???????? ???€????? ???€????????€? ???????????€? ????????????????????????? :?:
Was he fucking drowning?!? I'm crying helllp
You imbeciles are about to see a movie based on one of the most epic stories of perseverance, caring and conscience and all any one is talking about is some pop star. Priorities.
super!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#Movie by Christopher Nolan .................. I simply can't wait.................
I thought low key this was ww1 I guess I'm playing too much bf1
The sound of the clock ticking at beginning of the score reminds me of the docking scene from Interstellar.
"?????€???UC NEWS LOOT?????€???
 Refer your friends and get up to 5000 rs directly in your?? account .
 1. Go to the offer page from here - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.uc.iflow
 2. Download UC News app
 3. After installing open it and click on Recommended &?? then click on first banner - Rs 5000 for everyone .
 4. After that goes to bottom and enter this refer code?? -
 1414950
 to get some extra credit up to 5000 .

 5. Hence copy your code and refer your friends to install and enter your refer code .

 6. You will get 2500 Points from 1 referral
 #once you reach 5000 mark. Redeem your points directly into the bank."
quite an ensemble cast this is. don't know about 1d kid though.
Looks epic my type a watch bro
this movie is gonna be amazing
hitler let them save because of munich deal, hess archive is still not opened.
HARRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this videyo gam has best graphix
Potential masterpiece
video gam?
I am watching this movie for Harry Styles, and I don't care what anyone has to say about that. I can watch any movie I want for whatever reason I want. It's called entertainment for?? a reason. If people want to watch for the historical reasons, more power to you, you should be allowed to watch for that reason, or if people simply just want to watch it because it looks interesting to them.. that is great as well. But people should stop?? bitching about how?? some?? fans are only watching for a specific something/someone, because there is no rule or law against that.
Harry styles is so petty guys
hope is a weapon . survival is a victory......
oh yeeeeessssss IM going to see this not because Harry was in this movie but I want to see him on this movie.........sorry if my English sucks???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€?
Ryo Saeba next
This movie looks epic
If this isn't historically accurate, then as a history student imma stab a bitch
Nolan is Back.....
Does anybody actually come here to watch the trailer not because of the actors or directors but just for history??
It's a Battlefield 1 New Trailer?
I'm a Directioner, and I really do love Harry but dear Lord, this is a film by Christopher Nolan for crying out loud. Plus, there's Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy too. Stop saying this movie is going be great just because Harry Styles is in here. THIS MOVIE IS GOING TO BE GREAT. End of discussion.
Oh no! Don't tell me. This is how the Americans actually saved us at Dunkirk?!!! Evacuating 300,000 odd troops, off beaches, avoiding total military disaster is something the BRITISH did. At this point we were ALONE. The Commonwealth was mobilizing as fast as they could, people were escaping from occupied territories, but Britain was essentially on our own. I do hope they don't twist it like they did in that travesty about the capture of Enigma!
Christopher Nolan's work is pure art and every single one of his products is flawless. I'm curious about Harry Styles but I'm not particularly concerned about him as I trust Nolan in casting excellent although maybe unlikely actors. Also did anyone feel that rush of excitement with the ticking sound at the start of the trailer? It reminded me so much of "Interstellar". It's been more then 2 years since, and it's great to have you back Christopher!
I don't know who Harry styles is but if it encourages the younger generation to watch this film, I'm all for it
Even in one of our battle which saved the BEF we, the French people, are forgotten ... that's sad
French Bashing ... Again ...
???????€????????€? ???????????????????????????€? ???€????€????????? ???€????€? ????????????????, ???€????€????? ???????????????????? ???????€????????? ?????????????????????????????... ???€????????????€????????? ????????????????????????
????????????????, ???????????????? ???????? ???????????????????????????????? ???????? ????????????????
"???????€?????????????????????????????? (????????????????. Dunkirk) ??????€? ???€????????????????? ????????????????????€????????€?????????????? ????????????????????????, ???????????????????????????????????€????? ???????? ???????????????€????€????????????€? ???€?????????????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????€????????? ??????€? ???????????????????????????€????????? ????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????€?, ???€?????????????????€????????????????????????€? ???? ???????????????????????????????????????????€? ???€????????????€?????????, ????????????????????????????????????????????????€????€? ???? ????????????????????????? ???€?????????????????????????? ???????????????????€????????????????? ???????????????????????????????? ???????????????????? ???€?????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????€????????€? ???? 1940 ????????????????. ???????????€????????????? ???€????????????????????? ???????????€????????????????????? 14 ???????????? 2016 ????????????????, ???? ?????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????? 19 ???????????????? 2017 ????????????????
 ???€????????????????€????????????? ???€????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????€????€????????? ???? 1940 ???????????????? ???????? ????????????????????€?????????, ???????? ????????????????????????????? ???€?????????????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????€?????????, ???????????????????€????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????€????????? ???????€?????????????????????????. ???????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????€? ???? ???????????????????????????????? ???????????????????? ???€????????? 300 000 ???????????????????????????????????????€?, ???????????????????????????????????????????€? ???? ???€?????????????????€????????????????????????€? ???????????????????????€?."
The title means?
yawn.
crying about some solders, then ussr loss a few million solders in this war. usa and uk is cowards, but tell his people, what they beat germany
BATTLEFIELD 1 MOVIE
opa oscar
amezing ....
The BF109s making Stuka sounds?
titanic side hero and tom hardy wow
people still think there are 12-13 year old fans?? yikes ok
OH MY FUCKING GOD HARRY STYLES ON POINT!!!
ohh
Yes, show the gruesome event known as dunkirk, without showing the gruesomeness..... it's not even blood anywhere in this trailer. I guess every soldier was made from cotton.... I will pass thnak you, I don't feel like watching a historic event with 10-year olds screaming in my ear every time that OD kid is on the screen.
???€????????????? ???????????????? ???????????????????? ???€????????????????????? ???????? ???????? ???????€?????????????????????
"i'm not a 1d fan and i have 2 questions for you.
 1. Is it a big deal for you if 1d fan is gonna see the movie? Is it gonna affect your life tho?
 2. 1d fans are all NOT just a kid"
where the batman ?
This looks fantastic... who's Harry Styles?
HARRY ?????€???
Kenneth Brannagh?!!! Damn so excited!!!!! ????????????????
When this comes out, I want to see it remade in BF1
hi
m
Nolan never let me down, interstellar is the best movie for me
who else is here because of Harry freaking styles ??
I can almost taste all the Battlefield one memes..
Anybody got that Kubrick vibe watching this trailer?
I had no idea Harry Styles was in this until I read the comments
this was filmed were i live
Wow. This movie shows how cocky hitler was.
My bun
1:28 ???????? Creepy but Amazing!!!
What a great looking trailer. cant wait for the film.
This comment section is cancer. You got people screaming "if you like Harry Styles screw off" and then you got other people who don't even know what Dunkirk is. Educate yourself heathen.
i will watch this movie because of filmmaker because he made movie inception ?????€????????€???
Directioners everywhere .<3
whoz watching on 15 December 2016?
why are the British and Americans so obsessed with war movies?
Death Stranding is cooler.
I cant to watch this film ahhhh, guys go check out my Instagram @grunge_pics4u
SEEING THIS FOR HARRY STYLES ONLY
Hey look yonder tell me what's that you see? Looks like Handsome Johnny with his carbine in his hands, marching to the Dunkirk war...
IL Y A ZOULOUX
Hmm, why those Britsh soldiers are wearing Brodie helmets, I guess this means it's battlefield 1, Ha doiiii!
aHH EXCITING
looks great !
HARRY HE'S SO CHARISMATIC
"Dunkirk" ???
This trailer gets me... But im not sure if i should watch it, cuz i get enotional very easily.
Russia won the war, and not UK or France
Cant wait, Tom Hardy as an actor and Hans Zimmer for the sountrack!
Woah this is acually good. I came here for Harry but now I'm genuinely interested in the plot
Where's the battlefield 1 music
Hello friends,I have a request,I want to give my son on new year PS4 , but I don't have 300 dollars the salary is very small,but he really wants :( all who can help thank you in advance. here is my Yandex money 410013619660105 .and a happy new year,let every child dream come true!!!
morri
You guys were supposed to be playing Game of War but I keep kicking your ass
Can people just ignore that fact that Harry is in this and appreciate the actual movie? It looks bloody amazing, it's about the soldiers that fought for their lives not about Harry Styles being in it or Harry Styles dying.
HARRY omggggggggggggggg
HARRY
People of the comments.......chill it's just a movie
Battlefield 1: The movie
Is Christopher Nolan the best filmmaker ever ?
Well Harry looks like he'll do well as a soldier ????????
This looks amazing
Already know this will be a great film
I wanna see this
Hello mi name is emanuel
This was a bad trailer for what appears to be a good film
???????? ???????? ???€????€? ???€????????????????????????€? ????????????????????? ???????????????? ???????????????????????€?????????????€?????
???????€? ????????????????????????????????,???????? ???????€????? ???????€?1 ???????? ????????4 ?????????????
awesome Christopher Nolan...we are waiting for your golden piece
my heart broke when i saw harry drowning
batlefield 1 HD
"""COLLECT???€?0
 MY CODE:1415574"" - Claim Rs.5000! No need to worry about this month's living cost! http://tz.ucweb.com/12_GXPZ"
I have no idea who this Harry is and I don't care. I'm here because Nolan is a great director.
Shit, this soundtrack is so good!
Mark Rylance!!!
Idk about you all but Im looking forward to seeing History Buffs making a review on this movie someday :P
YES MY FUCKING KING
If Harry dies in this movie, I want to be sitting right beside a directioner to see their reaction.
best directing and script in the world will be held in this movie...
Harry!!!!!!!....OMG...
Looking forward to Mark Rylance as the Big Friendly Sailor
Nolan god
There are only 2 directors in the world that I have absolute faith in to make phenomenal movies. Christopher Nolan and Quentin Tarantino. I will watch anything they put out. Anything.
So.good!
thumbnail looks like battlefield
Oh good........more war.......yes yes...we don't have enough of that yet have we.....disgusting !!!
Am I the only one who's heard of Harry styles for the first fuckin time..?
"WWII/ Chris Nolan....

 Take all my fucking money"
I'm supposed to be playing game of war but this one player keeps kicking my ass.
Harry styles can act too
What if the reason Nolan cast Harry Styles...was to get all the fan girls to sit their asses down in the theater to learn some history?
NICE FILM !!!!!!
Am i the only one who wondered why those bf (or fw) 109's sounded like Stukas?
nolan is back with a bang
Christopher Nolan? Shit. Where is my wallet..
"___________
  I N D I E
  WAVE
  Take a look to our indie music channel we always
  are up to date with new indie music"
Tom Hardy is playing a pilot. Fair play. I like that. I think this will be a great movie. One things is certain when we get a Christopher Nolan movie. It's gonna look stunning. That is guaranteed
where are the french soldiers?
Harry, Harry ????????
"Whose here for Harry ????????????????
 0:48 ah now I can die in peace"
the front picture of this video looks like a battlefield 1 dlc or something haha
"Wow, it's very good I think. And I'm so happy because I saw Harry Styles in this video. Yeah, I am directioner. And I proud of Harry, he isn't actor but I know-he is nice actor. I don't speak English well but it's really was very cool for me. Thank you for this film.
 ????????????????????, ????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????? ???? ????????????????????€????? ?????????????????????????????, ????????????????????????€?))"
Hans Zimmer and Cillian Murphy are amazing
HARRY
????????????????????? ???????????????????? ???€?????
HARRY
And where is the part from The Netherlands?
SO EPIC
HAROLD, HARRY, HAZZA, STYLES, HARRY STYLES
J'HABITE ????? DUNKERQUE LES GENS ! ( I LIVE IN DUNKIRK )
Si los alemanes no hubieran dejado de atacar, ya que Hitler pensaba que el Reino Unido se iba a declarar neutral si los dejaba en paz, no hubiera quedado ni uno con vida.
So what is this movies about eh ? and why should we see it ? A movie about a total millitary disaster, where brits got their asses handed to them.Christopher Nolan is making it, boo hoo i dont give a damn i don't see how this story can be interesting in the slightest.
i will be at the movie theater the day it comes out you can count on it
astronomer king stick revolutionary murder mark capable.
looks exactly like "Pearl Harbor", a horrible movie vaguely based on a significant historical event where all historical reality is discarded for a poor attempt at creating drama from the imagination of a bad screenwriter.
???€????????????€?????
AAAAA SO COOL!
Many of you guys seem to not like this trailer because there isn't a lot of explosions and bullets whizzing past people's skulls but I'm going to give you guys a history lesson. Dunkirk for one isn't necessarily a battle but a failed retreat in the early stages of the war. 400,000 British troops being surround in a France port and no where to go because the Germans have them surrounded by all sides; hence the papers falling from the sky dropped by the Germans letting the British know they are surrounded. Many troops have committed suicide in the this tragedy because with Germans tanks, infantry and Ships the British knew they had no chance for victory. A lot of them have tried swimming though to the nearest UK island which is why the soldier took his head off and started swimming off.
harry styles i????in gidecem sjsjsjjsj
I WAS SUPPOSED TO CRY WHEN I SAW HARRY DRWON BUT I CAN'T BC HE IS SO DAMN CUTE????????
0:48 ah now I can die in peace ????????
???????€????? ???????????????? ???? ???? ???????? ???????????? ????????????????????????????????????
This is going to be really hard to watch.
@ people calling other people dumb or stupid for not knowing about this. Not everybody knows every single little detail about ww2 or was taught thoroughly about it. Especially if you've been raised with a U.S. education because they shelter us a lot. So p
What about the French army who sacrificed themselves to let the Brits retreat.
No One cared about me till I wore the Noose.
"haarrryyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 omg I CANT BELIEVE MY EYES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
So this isnt a mind-fucked movie by Christopher Nolan? Thats odd.
some of y'all need to open a history book because you guys drop the dumbest question like "Is this movie about 9/11" no 9/11 was in 2000s this is set in 1940s what are y'all being taught
"Not a single french or belgian soldier in the entire trailer (movie ?). All historian specialists like Nolan knew that french were eating croissants with their white flags during these events. So I guess that the french will be in the DLC...err extended scenes on the DVD/BR. What's wrong with you and the history, Nolan ?

 Where are the 338,000 French, Belgian and British troops ? Where is the French 12th Motorized Infantry Division who stood their ground to the very last moment ?? English troops espaced thanks to the 35 000 french who stayed to fight."
I think the obnoxious 1D fans are more excited about this movie than the obnoxious Batman fans.
As someone who had a family member at Dunkirk (Actually saving these men) I can't wait for this
?????????????????????????????-???€??????????????????
Fier de vivre ?? Dunkerque !
The reason I'm here is for Christopher Nolan, I couldn't care less who's acting in it just as long as they're good
Harry Styles ? sine when singers are actors and vice versa ? OHH BOIII
Ahh so because 1 direction has lost its popularity Harry has decided to make himself additionally filthy stinking fucking rich in acting? How about retire young you dolt you can sit back and enjoy life now while the rest of us struggle to make a living
Fact #21 If u see one Direction on the war they will lose
Oh my HARRY. ????????????????????????
This could be the first Christopher Nolan film to reach a female audience.
Dus dit was dud op Urk...
I bet all the "faggot" Harry Styles fans made this number one but you know what ever
At 1:03 was the german plane pursuing the spit fire or attacking the ship?
My Great Grandfather was one of those men who were rescued in Dunkirk on a fishing boat. You had better not fuck this up, Harry Styles.
yall fighting for a fucking movie wow
"We spend our holiday / vacation (for the Americans) on this very beach each year. It is a beautiful place with lovely people.

 But it is also an incredible and strange feeling to recall the events that happened on that beach. The Nazi defences are all still there to explore, all along the miles of beach. The address to start at is Digue Des Allies and Digue De Mer, Dunkerque. The bunker network Starts at Plage de Leffrinckoucke, on the border with Belgium. Our friends own the cafe on the end of the strip in Dunkerque and sadly their dad who was the owner passed away last year,... he told me of his memories of the evac as a small boy. Many visit Normandy, but it is absolutely worth visiting Dunkerque. The path of WW2 was changed with the bombing of the Blockhaus D'Eperlecques near St Omer. the V2 factory and fuel production facility (which we have visited). Also amazing is La Coupole also near St Omer, also now a museum. Many Jews / deportees were sent here to work to death... it is a moving and terrible story that must never be forgotten."
??????????????????????????????????. ???€?????????????€????????????????? ???€????????? ???????€????????????????? ???????????? ????????????????????????. ???????????€????????€?????, ???? ???????????? ???????????????????€????€?, ????????????, ????????????????????????????€?, ???????????????????????????????????€????€? ???? ????????????????????????€????????????????€????????????? ???????????????€? ???€????€????€?????????
Still not an ounce of blood shown in the trailer of a war movie !!!
Who the fuck is Harry? Potter?
This movie looks really... Green
isn't this about pearl harbor
I LOVE WW2 i am crazy behind it
whats the song beginning at 1:29?
Emegesh bes! ang pogi ni harry????????????????????????????????????????????????
Brexit Mk 1
"Nolan trailers always leave me empty. You're just gonna have to see the movie to even get a hint of what's going to happen...

 (And some movies won't even give you that COUGH INCEPTION)

 Excited to see it though."
Y'all sleeping on Cillian Murphy
Yo vine por el Henry Stilos no por el otro Cristofer que su cara me asusta.
"SHUT THE FUCK UP AND STOP BEING LIKE LITTLE NASTY FUCKED UP BITCHES
 BECAUSE HARRY-FROG IS UNBELIEVABLY AWESOME AGHHHHHHH"
guys if u become singers u should definitely get in movies because the 2 things require same skills.
???€?????????????????????€????????????????????? ???€????????????????? ???? ???€????????? ???????????? ???€?????????????€????€? ???????????????? ???????????? ???????????? ????????????????€????????????€????????? ???? ???????????? ???????€????????????????? ???????????????????????? ???????? ????????????????????????? ?????????????????, ???????????????? ???????€? ???????? ????????????????????????????€? ????????????????????... ????????????????€????€? ???????????????? ???????? ???€?????????????????????????? ???????€?, ???? ???????????????? ???????????????????????????? ???????????????€? ???? ???????€????????€????????????????€?...
This will be such an epic movie! With Tom Hardy and Harry styles! I'm excited to see him get into acting! Not to mention Christopher Nolan the fucking director!!!!
?? ???????????????€????? ???? ???€????????????? ???????????????????????? ???????????????????? , ???????€????????????????€????? ???????????????????????????????????€????? )
Am I the only one who doesn't give a shit that Harry Styles is in it, and that actually hopes he does a good job.
MAE PRECISO SALVAR O HARRY
???????????????????? ???? ???€????????? ???????????? ???????????????????????€????????????? ????????????????????????€????????????????? ????????????????????????????? ???????€? ???€????????€??????????????????, ???????????€?????????????€????? ???????€? ????????????????????€????? ???????€????????????????€????????? ???????????????????? ???? ????????????????)))
In Nolan we trust.
Maybe some English after seeing this movie will understand how the french saved our asses in this battle
oh god Harry Styles!!!????????????????????????????????????????
omg ! Christopher Nolan...will watch it for sure now........I don't fcking care abt harry styles...
nolen????????????????
"I have been a fan of Christopher Nolan's movies since the very beginning and this trailer just made me excited all over again. This is going to be such a great movie (I love history based movies lol)
 And Heyyyy, I wouldnt want to not comment about how Harry Styles is in this movie. Im so excited and proud for him, he has worked hard, So if people in the comments would stop thinking about harry as a boy band member (where also he works hard) and appreciate his work as an actor in this movie, it would be really nice of them.

 Cant wait for 2017 July. Great Job Christopher and the rest of the involved people :)"
<<<Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy>>> all i want to see
Looks like a great movie. And I'm not ashamed to say I'm supporting Harry too. My frog has grown up and I can't wait to see what he's accomplished in his first movie.
The miracle of Dunkirk was that Hitler listened to Goering and not Rommel who wanted to send in the Tanks and infantry if it had happened then there would have been no Dunkirk only a tragic catastrophe and a loss of all those troops!
"We must be very careful not to assign to this deliverance the attributes of a victory. Wars are not won by evacuations. But there was a victory inside this deliverance, which should be noted."- Winston Churchill, 4th June 1940
Adolf Gitler bad man
00:48
I'm just here cause of Hazz
Please don't use the Stuka siren sound for every plane Nolan....please....
Not only am I super hyped for this movie because its a war movie directed by Christopher Nolan, but am I the only one who thought that the theme towards the end of this trailer resembled Battlefield 4s best theme called "A Theme For Kjell"? Holy sh*t I'm even more hyped to see this now, gonna be a very emotional ride it seems! :D
German make a huge mistake.
From the trailer this new Dunkirk movie looks promising and yes the fact that Harry Styles is in it is of no consequence to me he is just another character stuck in the movie to attract certain fans. Someone mentioned German tanks and quite rightly they were running out of fuel. Apart from some tough French tanks the Germans had also been shaken by the appearance of a tiny handful of the new British Matilda Mk II tanks which were impervious to German tank and anti tank guns. German commanders were forced to use the 88 anti aircraft gun to stop the Matilda's which also lacked any cohesive infantry support. Hitler also considered a halt because he was hoping the British would be stupid enough to believe that he wanted a genuine alliance. Anyone believing that can be thankful that their grand parents weren't all hanging form trees all over the British countryside or shipped to the continent to work in concentration camps. Dunkirk was of course a defeat, but the achievement of so many little people in tiny boats (quite apart from the RN) in rescuing so many British and French troops was as outstanding an act of humanity and bravery as has ever been seen. As an aside I would recommend the earlier Dunkirk movie with John Mills among many others in it. Filmed in B & W it does not have the depth or the modern tricks this new movie will have but as a study in private trauma and simple understated fortitude while all around was collapsing it should be a must for war movie buffs.
God Damn Battlefield 1 DLC looks great
"Hey guys
 We represent up and coming artist ""Oscar""
 From Brixton,South London
 Who is about to release his debut single

 Please SUBSCRIBE to our

 YouTube channel
 Wolf Empire Ink

 Thanks??????????????????"
??????????????????????????????€?
is it weird battlefield made me like this even more
Well Harry's gonna die
A 2 min trailer that didn't give the entire plot... never knew it was possible
do trailers really need that text in between shots. "Hope is a weapon"." Survival is victory". these are almost always cringe-inducing
You've got the flag wrong, you disrespectful bellends.
"Wait...where all the black people? Fucking white old ass bigots white washing historical events.
 BOYCOTT THIS MOVIE!!"
i taught it was bf1
For fuck sake WHY? There is thousand World War II movies, why the hell Christopher Nolan did this shit? Such a fucking disappointment and waste of Nolan talents, i'm fan of Christopher Nolan but i wont waste money to see this in cinema, tired of this "legacy" war shit.
???€??????€??????€????????????€????????€????????????€??????€??????????€??€??????????€???????????????????????????????????????€????????????€???????€?
0:47 WTF Harry?
As long as I'm not sitting through the movie hearing all the girls in the theater scream and squeal every time Harry shows up on screen, then I can care less
What's the name of theme song in the trailer?
at 1:04 those are german ME 109 fighters not Stuka dive bombers, the stuka dive bomber are the ones that made that signature alarm sound powered by air going into the landing gear.
I am usually a comedy fan but I am here for freakiiinggg haaarry sttyyless
harry styles harry styles harry styles
Finally we get to see Harry a bit ???????? there should be more tho
Dunkirk Donut
Anyone notice the World engine noises from man of steel @ 0:50. Score has to be by Zimmer ;) In nolan we trust!!
"Wow this is the first trailer I've learnt from.

 HOPE IS A WEAPON."
Tom Hardy for James Bond !
I've never seen any movie about Dunkirk ever. i am surely gonna watch this movie. the story of fishermen saving soldiers, can you make it any more interesting..
What is the chords at 1:28?
HARRY IM COMMING FOR U????????????????????????????????????
read most of the comments glad too see a good few people know there history, shocked however at the amount that don't it's like ww2 history second page after Franz Ferdinand
"Stfu all the fan girls, I've been waiting for this movie since last year
 Can wait to see Nolan's new masterpiece!"
Aye it's Thomas fockin Shelby
#waiting
Wordwar I sucked. Harry Styles sucks. Nolan sucks. Uwe Boll shouldve directed that.
like of you are here for harold
Battlefield 1 movie
This really looks amazing. The beach shots are fantastic. A Christopher Nolan movie about the WW2. ?????????
Did I just see Tom Hardy?
Haven't they made enough war movies
"WHY THE FUCK DO PEOPLE HAVE A PROBLEM WITH HARRY AND HIS FANS???

 Just because he's a singer he can't be in a movie? Singing and accting are two DIFFERENT things. one's singing ability doesn't affect their acting skills. look at donald glover. he's an actor AND a rapper.
  And y'all are getting annoyed by some of us saying we want to watch it because of harry. What is the problem with that?? We are just excited because this is our idol's first movie. As fans it is our duty to support him. If you have a problem with that then fuck off."
???????????? ???????????????????????? ???????????????????????€????????????? ????????????????????????€????????????? ???????? ????????????????????€? ????????????????????????????????,???€?????????????????????????????€?????,???????????????????????? ???????????????????€? .???€????????????????€????????? ???€????????????????? ???? ???????????????????????????? ???? ???????€????€????????? .
"By order of PEaky Blinders!"
It actually sickens me that the "Mature" ones that supposedly know everything about this particular war are actually acting more immature about Harry than his fans are... Why cant we appreciate all the actors, directors etc and all stop acting like 2 year olds.
Westerners are already saying how Dunkirk is one of the most greatest stories told, but in actual fact it compares nothing to what happened on the eastern front. And the true epicness of Dunkirk is how the allies got bottled up in there. The German conquest of France has to be one of the greatest, most startling military successes ever.
Anyone else think the soundtrack will be amazing (as always)?
"THIS IS MY SON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 HARRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY"
Screaming..!!! Tooommmmm Haarrddyyyyyy ?????€????????€????????€???
Ban all women from seeing this movie! English women did none of the fighting at Dunkirk!!!
???€????????€?????????????? ????????????????????????????????? ???????????€????????? ????????????????????????, ???€????€????? ???????????? ???????? ???????????€?????, ???€????€????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????? ????????????.
Spoiler Alert! They make it back to England. Then later America will step in and help the Empire defeat Nazi Germany.
real BF1
Harry style ?
???????????????? ???????????????????€? ???????????????????????€?????????????€?????)
It's Christopher Nolan... would could possibly go wrong?
Harry!?!!!??????????????€??€?
huge Nolan fan. If including that direction kid helps it gross billions then I'm am still happy
I love the trailer is amazing I cried my gosh I love history so my history geekiness is coming out with this movie I believe the movie will be amazing as that trailer I am exited ???????????????????????€????????€????????€?
war...
i love this it's already getting old men with a fetish for war irritated bc a pretty boy plays in it imagine having your masculinity threatened so much omg
If it was WWI, it could have easily been a Peaky Blinders prequel, with Tommy Shelby and Alfie Solomons xD
looks boring
HARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRY
Se ???? do Nolan, ent????o vem coisa boa por a????!
this film is gonna have so many teen fans!
gavno
This looks quite bad, as if Nolan had tried to do something and didn't succeed
This looks very boring.
You're a soldier, harry !
"Hey guys! we're an up-and-coming HILARIOUS GAMING CHANNEL and would love your support. Honestly if one of you, (YES YOU, READING THIS COMMENT! I'M TALKING TO YOU) could check out this channel, it would mean the world to me. Honestly.
 We're 3 Guys 1 Game, and expect hilarious content. Check us out! Click on my name :)"
This looks incredible! I get why people are getting irritated with all the one direction fans. But please dont get mean, I'm a Brit but have spent a few years in the American school system and they LITERALLY only get taught about history from an American point of view (I was taught that WWII started in 1941!) So its not entirely their fault if they don't know about Dunkirk. Look at this way by going to see this film solely to see Harry Styles then they might have their minds opened and go away with new understanding and a thirst to learn more. xo
???????????????????€????? ???????? ???????????????????????????€?????????????????? ???????????? ???????????????€?????????????????????, ???€????????????????? ???????????? ???????? ???????????? ????????????????????.
Nolan fans where are you all..??
Wtf is going on? The trailer said "This is the event that changed everything" or something like that, but never explain what actually is happening. I'm not American and I don't know about American history, so someone can explain what is the movie about? The Americans are trapped on a beach and the Germans are attacking them? Why is this so important? I got so many questions lol
Harry... who?
Harry Styles is looking amazing
love this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hate this faggot
For $50 worth of Lyft ride credit for new passengers. CLICK HERE https://www.lyft.com/invite/UNLOCKFREERIDES?route_key=invite&v=OUT
0:08 "We surround you" Jesus that's terrifying. I hope this is a real psychological thriller, knowing Nolan, he won't disappoint.
Any storyline or just chaos ?
just once dude.. just once make a movie with ugly ass people
I'm sorry... this comes out in 8 months?
But IF! If HAROLD DIES I WILL LEGIT THROW BOMBS AT EVERYONE!
Who cares that fucking styles ha.........!
for some reason this doesn't excite me as much as interstellar did or dark knight..
British,French and Belgian forces in mass retreat to the french port of Dunkirk. Hundreds of thousands of soldiers stranded on the beaches and the surrounding dunes.Thousands more forming a defensive pocket to delay the advancing German forces .. Operation Dynamo is launched and the Royal Navy supported by civilian craft are dispatched to rescue as many troops as possible. After numerous trips across the English channel under constant German air attack the total number of allied troops evacuated was around 350,000 a heavy cost to the Royal Navy and civilian ships and personal. This marked the end for the battle for France the battle for Britain was about to begin..
HARRY STYLES WILL SURVIVE
so is this going to be like C Nolan's attempt at Saving Private Ryan
???????????€?????????????????????€?-????????????????????????? ???????????????????€????? ???????€????????????????????€????????? https://studwork.org/?p=32443
Cilian murphyyyyyyyyy.. Wooohohooooooooo
To many harry haters and to many harry defenders. Its a god damn movie. Let people have they're opinions of the trailer
0:48!!! OMG HARRRYYY!!!
Well, it's a real shame most people here don't recognize that One of the greatest directors, Christopher Nolan directed this. And yet what most people care about, especially teens only here for harry styles.
???????????? "????????????????????????????" ???????????????????????????????? ????????????????????€????? ???????????????????????????????? 200-300???? ???€?????????????????????????,???????€????? ???????????????????€????????? ???????? ???€????? ???€????€????? ???????????????????????????????€?,????????????,???????€? ???€????€?????..
Man this looks boring as fuck
OMG OMG OMG the Lords Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer OMG OMG OMG
First of all, I get all of your fucking points. Second of all, all your opinions are accepted here. Third of all, yeah cause ALL directioners are 13 year olds looking for attention and have a peanut for a brain. We're still human beings and we still do normal human being things (shocking, i know.) We're just a group of people liking this group of people and somehow we get along. Whether we watch this movie because of Harry Styles or not, let it be. I bet all of you watch a movie or actually have an interest for something because of that one special thing that caught your eye. This is a movie for Christ's sake, not World War 3. Let people watch this for whatever they want to watch it for. Let people support the people they look up to. It's funny how you all discriminate directioners as whiny little 13 year olds, but who's whining now? Don't make a small problem bigger than it already is. Harry Styles has been latched onto our directioner hearts for almost 6 years. Let us have our moment to support him, cry for him, or even scream for him in the movie. Let's respect each other. I bet all of your moms have had this type of boy band or somewhat infatuation for people who dont even know her, but still you dont even have the guts to say all these type of words infront of her. Imaginr your mom's favorite boy band was NSYNC, if one of their members were in this movie and your mom was squealing. Go ahead, scold her, you filthy human being. I rest my case, motherfuckers.
one issue it looks like its going to be a very washed out version of history kinda movie made to cater to as many demographics as possible
C. Nolan and some nice Aircombat scenes, i will totally look this one
"Person:Who tf is Harry Styles?
 Me: Who tf is Christopher Nolan?"
More Anglo propaganda. Move along.
He's coming back round, HE'S COMING BACK ROUNDDD
lol wait i didn't even see harry styles until i saw the comments
I like Harry Styles, but the reason I wanted to watch this movie is because it's World War 2. I am completely obsessed with history and I know a little bit about World War 2 because of my history teacher, I learn that the Japanese colonized our country, which is the Philippines and the Americans bombed the two cities of Japan whatsoever. Hearing this movie made me excited because of my complete obsession with history and Harry Styles (tbh, I'm a directioner, but I love seeing this movie because of both, so don't judge me)
So excited ???????? This is gonna be great
???????€????? ???????????????????? ???????€????? ???????????????????????????? ???€?????????????????????????????? ???????????? ???????????????????? ?????????????????. ????????????????????????????????? ???????????? ????????????????????????????????????€????????? ????????????????????????????? ???????????€????€????????€????€? ????????????????????. ???? ???????€? ???????€????????????? ???€????????€????????? ???€????€????????????€? ???????€? ???€????????? ???????? ???????????????????????€?????????????????? ???€????????????????? ???? ???????????????????€????????????????€? ????????????????????????€? "28 ???????????????€????????????????????€?????????" ???????€????? ????????????????????????????? ???€????????????????? ???????€????????????????€????€????? ???????? ????????????????????????????€????? ????????????????????????.
I saw Harry Styles lol ???????€?
Watch out Mayson for German Rap
Even if i know that it's just a fake blood ima run and call an ambulance from an expensive famous hospital and whoever made this to him will be sue to court cuz I'm calling my lawyer and my sisters (directioner)
I hope Harry Styles has a big role in this and does well
When ur actually excited bc after u watch interstellar u fell in love with C Nolan but ur getting mocked bc u love Harry styles
Harry Styles deserves an Oscar y'all ?????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???
Regardless of wether you're a fan of Harry Styles or not, surely you can't argue that if this movie is generating more interest in young people about modern history, that it's not exactly a bad thing? If this film helps educate people on why we shouldn't make the same horrific mistakes of the past, does it really matter why you've gone to see it in the first place?
BF 109 with Jericho siren on it? ... love how movies cant just finally stop over using that sound for aircraft...
This war movie looks really good. The British side story vs Nazi Germany.
0:46 is that harry styles..!
I love christopher nolan
Harry styles made this movie huge and profitable
???€??????????????????
so who's fighting who?
Dunkirk= Hitler's first booboo of WWII
SHAPED OUR WORLD. . . WHAT THE FUCK. . . THE WORLD IS BIGGER THAN UK AND USA
i don't care about the plot bc i just care about harry i don't care about the normal people who were like "wHo iS hArRy stYLes? iM hEre bc of NolAn!1!1!1!" bc i care about harry i don't care about the amazing other casts, so what? ???????€? Harry is better I'm not saying that I'm here to watch Harry but I'm here to watch Harry
Christopher Nolan???????????????????????????
1:48 the only reason I'd like to watch the movie
how on earth harry styles is on a movie? can he act? ????????
Dunkirk should be in Scotland. It's such a Scottish sounding place name XD
????????????????????????????????????? ???€????????? ????????????????????€????????????€?. ???????????????????????????€? ????????????????????????€????????????????????? ???????????????? ???? ???€????????? ???????????? ????????????????????????????????????????? ???? ???????€????????€?????????????????????. ???????€?????????????????????????.
???????????€????????????€? ???€????????????????? ???€????€????????€? ???????????????? ???????€?????????????
I'm definitely watching this.
There are more comments complaining about 1D fans than there are 1D fans commenting
I see?? masterpiece written all over it!
????????????????????????€????????? ???????? ?? ????????????????????. ???????????€? ???????????????????????????????? ???????????????€?????????????€? ???€????????????????????? ????????-???????? ???€???????????????????????????
Check out my Chanel... would gladly appreciate it
one my fav director
Anyone have a link to the music played at 1:28???
that battlefield thumbnail
translate to Russian please
1:54????????????????????????????????????????????????
bf1
where is Michael Caine?
where's zayn?
Sieg heil!
my grandads where at Dunkirk
waiting for this film to come out is basically the plot of dunkirk
Am I the only one who don't know Harry Styles and googled?
???? ???????????????? ???????? ???€????????????? ???????? ?????????????????????
CAN'T WAIT ????????€???????????????????????????€???????????????????????????€???????????????????????????€?
if this movie works then its only because of us directioners who support 1D ....i dont fuck care about those who dont like 1D.....
Excited doesn't come close to how I feel about this film. . . Cannot wait!
"Hope is a weapon".
But will Tom Hardy crashing his Plane with no survivors ?
oh my god!!!!i never thought harry would do such a serious role...???????????€??€??????€??€?
Guys, I am pretty sure, Nolan did cast Harry Styles for some good reason. Not because to make more money out of Styles' fans and other teens. Maybe Nolan is trying to attract for this movie those teens, who are nowdays extremly sepparated from the reality and do know shit about history. Maybe he want them to come to learn something about war and history. Just think about that for a second ;)
Nolan is the greatest in our time. Appreciate him.
hi
tdyfgcgcch
Cillian Murphy.... ????????????????????????
this is not a typical puzzling Christopher Nolan flick.
Cillian Murphy will just ALWAYS look creepy and scary to me..
???????€????? ???????€????????? ????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????€?????????, ???????????????????? ???€????????????????€?
BESSSSJSJDJSJE
Rofl response i really prefer nt dry .
why the fuck is every war movie is always a ww2 or a fictional war why is there is no movie about the great war aka ww1
oh , so the new propaganda here is that the allies escaping is the real victory ! ... for god's sake , hitler was the one who let all those men leave... he would have crushed them if he wanted...
"Every fucking comment is like ""who the fuck is Harry Styles"", ""stupid young girls watch this only for Styles"", ""learn some history you idiots""...


 OH MY GOD PEOPLE
 Can everyone fucking mind his own business and leave alone the others?
 If someone is watching this film for the history... good for them
 If it's for Harry Styles... good for them too
 If it's for Nolan... fine!
 Stop insulting each other for our tastes please, everyone is different and everyone can watch a film whatever the reason is.
 Please and thank you. ????????"
Harry Styles didn't appear much in this trailer. That's a good sign.
Normandy?
"One million + hits in a DAY
 This is what you call a trailer
 This is what you call a director
 ??????????????????????"
i don't care about some guy called harry at all. i am interested cause its a nolan movie and it looks pretty sweet.
I never miss any Nolan movie
Cillian Murphy & Tom Hardy??? THATS A TREAT
Anyone recommend a good movie to watch. Action/comedy/adventure.
0:19 - there is that sound from Man Of Steel :) you hear that? :)
Now a days u hv to see if its game or movie
I'm going because of Christopher Nolan, director who created Interstellar, Inception and a lot of different masterpieces. I really don't wanna see that girls who are gonna scream every time Harry shows up. The movie is about history, war, not about Harry Styles so please, respect people who are coming to see a movie, not Harry Styles.
I love that Nolan is behind this but then again.. A war movie without any blood??.
Finally a war movie without the usual romantic woman-guy crap around it. I'll love it !
???????????€? ???€????€????????? ???????????????€????? 28 ???????????????€????????????????????€????????? ???? ???????????????????????????€????? ???????????????????????€?
new trailer for battlefield 2
Meh
I hope they don't use the Jericho trumpet sound for all the aircraft especially for the fighters
I hope this is an R rated film.
10 year old 1d fan girls are gonna ruin the premier of this movie
0:47 is that harry styles?
I can see the thirst in Hardy and Nolan's eyes for oscars. Thumbs up if you think they have a shot with this!
0:41 I was like oooh............shit shit............... no way :-O
ive got a feeling harry styles is actually a good actor.
why didn't they just swim back to the UK...god so stupid
Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer = Legendary movie
finally waited so long
Now this is wat we call As Mind Fcking Blown...Thanks for releasing this one after Furious8 trailer i was so Pissed I needed this ..thanks
I wonder if there is a Christmas truce scene
I saw HARRY 3 times.And every time I scream HAAAAARRRRRRRRRYYYYY.
My father was evacuated from Dunkirk. He was also part of the D-Day Normandy landings.?? He passed away in 2003.?? I visited Dunkirk eight years ago. It's a very long beach?? and as?? I?? walked?? its length I?? wondered which part of the beach he might have been on. Trying to avoid the German fighters strafing the beach, waiting to reach one of the boats, many being simple pleasure craft manned by civilians,?? that crossed the Channel to?? evacuate the stranded soldiers.
I'm 16, Indonesian, male, didn't know about dunkirk either, they didn't taught about this at school, I just came here for Nolan. Btw, who's the main actor? Is it Cillian Murphy or Tom Hardy?
welcome to india
another masterpiece z coming...hats off to Mr. Nolan
Harry I love you. Proud of you.
Oh yah another war story zzzzzzz
And once again we have a film that's portraying Germans as the bad guys, lets all hate the Germans because they are white and they kicked the jewish bankers out of there country. THAT IS WHAT WW2 WAS ALL ABOUT. And never forget the JEWS declared war on Germany not the other way round.
Nolan' forever ????????
Christi is back ????????????????????????????????????
"The Comment Section:
 50% OMG ITS HARRY STYLES!!!!!!! I AM GOING TO WATCH THE MOVIE BECAUSE OF HIM
 30% Its Battlefield 1:The Movie
 20% I like the movie because it is looking good"
filmed with actual film! can't wait for 4k hdr disc release!
awesome
1:48 - Tom Fuckin' Hardy ????????
Is Nolan fucking Tom Hardy?
HARRY HARRY HARRY
Whose favorite part is the whole thing??
pas mal du tout !!
Felicity Jones and Diego Luna die in Rogue One. Actually the entire Rebel Team dies at the end.
Although I like Harry styles, this film isn't about him. It would be inappropriate for girls to squeal and scream every time he comes on in the cinemas because this movie is about lives being lost in war and not how cute he looks. This is a serious topic that you need to pay attention to and be respectful of the sensitive subject matter
"HANS ZIMMER AGAIN!!!!
 ....MiNd BlOwN...."
Wow this is awesome
Nolan- Watching this movie at the theatre ????????
Again a wonderful movie by sir Nolan
civil war ?
"Just stop all the hate for Harry and annoying directioners better keep their mouths shut every time harry shows up in the movie cause it's not a fucking movie made for him ?????€?????????
 All I want to see how great it goes and there is no doubt that Christopher Nolan would do a good job for this"
looks boring for this genre... They should have cast a Kardashian in a lead role. Or maybe Beyonce
I have access to a webcam in central Aleppo - anybody care to watch?
Cillian Murphy and Tom hardy = great movie
Here only for Christopher Nolan
"I will watch the film because of Harry???????????????????????????€???
 but im also interested in the story of dunkirk since i watch the trailer, i'll read about that, and go to the cinema to see my bby and learn a little more. STOP THE HATE"
"Warning: the comment section is filled with complete bullshit.

 Honestly who even cares whether teens are watching it for Harry or whether veteran's families are watching it to pay their respects or whatever else is the reason. Whatever the reason being, everyone's going to see the same thing. I think the cast does play a role in who is watching the movie and I'm sure there was a reason to attract younger generations. Everyone should just chill, go watch the movie, learn a lil bout history and that's it.
 y'all should stop the hate"
Run tommy run!
Anybody knows the song at the end? Its probably soundtrack from Hans Zimmer but it's too new to find.
I am so freakin excited
Soo who's this Harry stiles guy?
wowwwwwwwwww
pg13 war movie. whats even the point.
Where's the French army in this..? Oh wait.
All those who are hating on directioners for being all fangirl...wouldn't you be excited to see someone you love in a movie...seriously...we do support the movie...we support him more....just because directioners are excited to see him one cannot abuse him...y would you say mean things about him?
hype
???????????? ???€??????????????????? ???????€?????????????????
so this trailer is #1 on trending because of harry styles? lool
Who saw One Direction there?!
NOLAN!!!!!!!!!!!!! I cried watching this.
This movie looks so good and Harry styles makes it look even better
This movie seems awesome BUT the chance is small that I'll watch it on the cinema. I'm overexcited to see Harry Styles acting in a Nolan movie but imagine all the younger fans screaming every time his face pops up (as another comment said). They will be there only as a fan and not for the movie itself.
As soon as Christopher Nolan popped up I was sold...
Oh My Gosh couch It looks for me pretty amdzing drink 8??????€?D
no one is praising zimmer's music. it is so so good.
This sountrack its amazing! Jesus, i cant find them :/
Im not sure if this is actually Nolan looks like Michael Bay film to me
A film to portray Defeat as the victory.
this movie looks genuinely interesting, but I will admit a main reason I'm planning on watching it is because Harry Styles is in it. I'm excited to see how his acting has changed in this movie.
The thought of Harry most likely getting shot in the face is lovely
"Harry Styles is in this, 15 year old me is FUCKING SCREAMING.


 This looks great btw. Nolan and Tom Hardy? Never disappoints. Hopefully this movie will be quite historically accurate, we never learned much about ww2 in school."
This looks depressing, what historical event is this based on?
"""The event that shaped our world""? Who's world? The British? Not my world. Maybe they're talking about the entire war. But I wouldn't call the war an event. Makes the 50+ million who died seem trivial if it was just an ""event"".

 And let's of course ignore the blundering that put these soldiers in that place to begin with, or the countless faceless extras that die representing REAL PEOPLE who REALLY FUCKING DIED but are forgotten because they weren't one of those that got saved.

 War movies are nothing but propaganda pieces."
BR?
O???? sont les Fran????ais ? Piti???? Nolan pas de french bashing... ^^
"Unrealistic!
 At 1:01 and 1:47 Bf-109s are sounding exactly like Stuka sirens."
HARRY!!!!!!!!
???????????????????? ????????????????????????€?. ???????????????????????????? ????????????? ????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????€????????? ?????????????????????! ???????????????????????????????????????€????? ???????????€??????????????.
???????????€????????????? ???????? ???????????????????€?????????
???€????????????????? ???????????????????? ???????????????????€?
I like war movies but this one looks boring
Harry freaking Styles????????????????
I LOVE HARRY BIG TIME BUT I GUYS NEED TO CALM YOUR ASS OFF AND FOCUS ON THE REAL MOVIE. DONT JUST HARRY STYLES YOUR ASSES
I came here because of the tumbnail. Thought it was going to be a assassin type of movie. I'm disappointed, but than I saw Harry Styles. Not a fan, but he cutr
did you guys see john cena in this trailer? no? well you only think about harry.
???€? ?? ???????????????????? ???€??????????????? ???€????€????€?!!!!
"sswfnsd????d

 dc
 ????hvcvvvg."
this trailer just grabbed me by the pussy and I dunno if I liked it
"Jajajajaja Like 1D haters are fucking stupids ???????€?

 The hatred towards Harry will make them see the movie and he is earning the money of his interest.
 If there is a God, I know that it puts stupid people in the world as enemies of 1D???????€?"
the helmet and eqipment go to the bottom and find the corpses float
Forget about the casting , after all it's a Nolan movie , that's enough for it to be great
I'm glad that this is above disposable me 3 on trending
About time someone made a war movie in the last 10 years that wasnt filled with American bullshit like how they won all world wars single handedly.
Is it Harry styles hero in this movie.
Who else googled about Dunkirk after watching the trailer and ended up reading the whole World War 2 history?
Oh my Gosh!!! I AM HONESTLY GONNA SPEND ALOT JUST TO WATCH THIS OVER AND OVER AGAIN
how about there's a twist in movie that in the end tom is bane and dreaming about the war in resting in beach then movie ends when batman come and say's wakee wakes!he he by the way he is great director...
My erection is massive
MY GIRLFRIEND SAID THAT I CAN GET 1,000 SUBSCRIBES BY TONIGHT THAT SHE WOULD LET ME SMASH PLZ HELP ;)
Araaa
battlefield 1 the movie
Always mind your surroundings...
This is definitely a story worth telling if told truthfully. A fighting retreat that saved more lives than could hopefully be imagined whilst causing horrific casualties on the attacker
>>>???????????????€????????€?????????€? ???????€? ???€????????€????? ???????????? ????????????????????????€????????? ????????????????????????????<<<
Did you guys Realised John Cena is also in this Movie ?
I have very high expectations after Hacksaw Ridge what a movie a 10/10
And now go google "Phoney War".
Will we actually see the battle of the Miracle of Dunkirk or just them trying to leave? Because I know 30,000 men held the line for 2-4 hours so everyone could leave. Wonder if they will actually show that.
Another call of duty? Didn't they just drop a new game?
Dunkirk 716 !!!!
Cant wait!
You all are so immature, the movie is going to be so damn good, you should just watch it instead of worrying if Harry Styles is in there or not. He IS, so if you dislike him enough to hate on a historical movie, don't watch it. And for his fans, please remember that the movie theatre is not a concert venue and you're not supposed to scream in there.
Music 1:30 ??
"Harry Styles at 0:46 , 1:38 , 1:53
 Directioners thank me later
 ????????"
My baby boy Harry's drowning????????
more like battlefield 1
feels like once again the French are left out and history is written by the Anglo Saxons, so fucking annoying
28 Ivanov the better
Remember: the Germans were the bad gays, the Americans were the good guys
were is Michel Caine
"I like Harry but this movie is going to be great for so many different reasons. I'm a sucker for war movies tbh.
 But for you guys giving people who are most excited to see the film for Harry are being ridiculous. People see movies for certain actors ALL the time. I personally suffered through Noah for Emma Watson or The Convent for Sebastian Stan, etc. it's a normal thing, of Harry's gonna be an actor now it's going to make sense lol"
???€?????????????????? ???€????????????????? ????????????????????????
Picture of escape and victory, a story of cowardice and weakness. want to see the real heroes who stood in the face of fascism to the death, see the 28 Panfilov. the real story about hard men.
shit movie
boring.............expected lot but ..................half meals :)
And the Oscar goes to....
Check out my beats
ohhhmy
Did you know I cannot die?
"First shot of this trailer and you instantly know this movie is from Nolan without knowing it in the first place. Absolutely mesmerizing. Christopher creates art in it's purest form.
 And Hans Zimmer for the soundtrack... my god. I just can't... Nolan + Zimmer = Perfection.

 We need a shippingname for those two - something like Zilon or Nommer.

 2017 is going to be an overwhelmingly good year in theaters."
Was that Tom Hardy as a pilot?! ????????
amazing offer by'' uc news app '' join with me and earn 2700???€??? on your paypal or paytm hurry up offer limited person and submit my code 9613581.
Killin germans is Always Fun
Compared to the absolute greats, Nolan will be forgotten in time like the fraud he is.
???????????????? ???????€? ???€????????? ???? ????????????€????????? ????????????????????????????????.....)))
if Harry Style gonna die , I'm gonna cry..
This is why we as a planet were actually lucky Hitler was in charge of the Germans...?? as bad as the Holocaust was, it would have been much much worse if he?? were sane.
It's actually hilarious how many people are complaining about Harry Styles' fans being excited about this. Their ignorance is just too funny.
Thrilled just for those vivid and clean aerial dogfight scenes!
So it is true then that Mr. Jarvis was actually in the military. :3
That one direction guy is more than lucky for getting his first acting debut in a Chris Nolan's movie..But i hope he wont ruine this movie.I have been waiting for a Nolan movie since 2014.
"its very racist, the poor germans have to be the bad guys again. #germanlifematters
 #germanpower
 #germanpride
 #proudtobegerman"
"Dunkirk, where Hitler let the allies go free, what a legend he was
 HEIL HITLER!!!!!"
The moment I see Harry I said to myself "-10/10"
"For every American
 1 Search in Google - hdpixels
 2 Select 1st Site
 3 Disable adblock if using
 4 Select 3rd Popular post
 5 Click Sponsord Link
 Enjoy Night"
Ironic isn't it that hollywood fruit cups, who will never be half the men that these people were, are depicting their great heroism. Acting is perhaps the most shallow occupation a person can have - where you, an actor who's done nothing significant with your life, impersonate other people who have. And yet these self centered, vain and soft hollywood personalities, like Harry Styles, get all the praise and celebrity the people they impersonate should have gotten. Kind of sickens me. It's why I quit actIng and joined the real world
what about the French?8000 soldiers died and 35000 others were captured to let the Brits go safely
???????????€????????€?????????????????????? ???????????€????????????????????????€????????? ???????? ????????????? ???????????????????€? ???? ????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????€????€??? !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"They used the Stuka siren for Bf109's...
 Wat?"
"I'm not here for any actor. I'm here for CHRISTOPHER NOLAN!!! ONLY NOLAN!!!
 Bitch please TOM HARDY too.........."
to everyone who dislikes this trailer lets fight
if they kill harry in the movie......I M GONNA FUCK THE SHIT OUTTA THEIR ASS.
?????????????????????????????: ???€????????????????????€????€? ?????????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????
Guys... I understand your excitement. But this film is about a pretty serious and interesting topic, so if you're going to watch it, please, don't freak out whenever Harry appears, because there are a lot of people who want to watch it just for the sake of enjoying a probably good movie.
excited for 2017. the story's plot is interesting like, damn.
???€?????????????????
For me it depends how you answer this question, would you have seen this movie even if Harry Styles wasn't in it? if yes then that's great but if you're one reason for seeing this is because of him then fuck off, that shows great disrespect to everyone else who worked on this film and all of the actual soldiers who were there.
Although I think it's awesome that Harry is in this movie, proud of him, it isn't the main reason I want to watch it. This is a historical event we should learn and know about, Christopher Nolan is an amazing director, not to mention Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy are part of the cast. I am so excited! So yeah a lot of people are here for Harry, doesn't mean you should rain on their parade, they're happy and proud of him. You wouldn't want to be bashed at for seeing your idol in a movie would you?
???????????????????? ???????????????????? ???€????????????€????????????? ???€?????????????????€????????????????? ( ???€????????????????? ????????????????????.
OMG..HARRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Is that harry styles?
?????€????????????€?????????????????????????????????????????????????€?????????????
A trailer that didn't disappoint, yet didn't excite.
looks like battlefield 1 trailer
i don't care what nolan make. i will always watch his movie. never disappoint me.
0:41 'FROM CHRISTOPHER NOLAN" ?????€??????????? This is everything ????????????????????????
Who the fuck is Harry Styles ?
???????????????????????? ???€????????????????????? ???????????????€????? ???????????????€????????????????????????€????? ???????????????????????????? https://vk.com/my_newmusic
hollywood needs only 3 directors to run .... Martin Scorsese , Christophr Nolan , James Cameron ...... Only three
DANGAL
Just fucking watch the movie and shut up about who's in it!
"TOM HARDY
 alright I'm in"
well if its any consolation, it looks like Harry Styles is gon die in this
I LOVE MOVIE OF WAR... :D
i am sure no other movie can match this!!!! just give Nolan the goddamn Oscar already!!!
Dunkirk Banes Origins.
I know war is bad but I grew sick of these films after their sole purpose became not to entertain but to inform about the horrors of war. Would much prefer an adrenaline pumped movie about shooting up nazis
"Hey Guys Check out my game

 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.futureglobe.orbiter"
"???????????? ???? ???????????????????? ???????€????? ???€????????€????????? ???????? ???€?????????????€?????????????????? ???? ???? ???????????? ????????????????€?????????????? ???? ???????€????€????€?????????????, ????????????????????????????€?????

 p.s. Spitfire MkII ????????????????????????????€????€?."
"is it smoething wrong here? NO Strong Female Lead!!!!?????
 it's almost epidemic in hollywood,they ruin almost every movie with mary sue female roles,
 this give me hope..thanks Christopher Nolan!!"
Bf1 vibes
this looks cool.
Meh i was expecting something more from Nolan not another war movie...
i need to see this
NOLAN !!!!!
they better show the french sacrifice at Dunkirk.. or this movie will loose instant credibility for me
Is that Professor Lockhart from Harry Potter doe (the captain)? The trailer was fantastic though! It reminds me so much of War Horse but different setting ????????
I'm holding my breath the whole time as I can feel my heart Beats!!! "Oh sick!" Is the first word that came out of my mouth! ?????€????????????????€????????????????€??????????? I had to admit, it's all because of Harry.
that remind me of the game Battlefield 1
Looks WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY too clean.
my man christopher nolan
When WB makes War movies to prep us for WW3.
Is this bf1 DLC? ahahah
Tom Hardy's in this movie?? I gotta see it
When the story is so important that Nolan has to come on screen.
WHO IS ONLY HERE FOR HARRY STYLES
???????? 86 ???€????€????????????€? 1500 ???€????€????????????€????? ????????????????????????????????????€????€? - ????????????????????€?????????
"""from christopher nolan""
 SOLD"
Couldn't tell if it's WW1 or WW2 the elements seemed a little mixed up
no.1 on trending.I'm in tears
"Nolan + Zimmer = Shazam.
 No more no less.
 Just.. Shazam."
i think mister Styles got shot right in the eye in that hole peeking scene
I will suck whoever's cock to what this movie ya
"Alright, Dunkirk! Yeah! Hopefully now that there is a movie about it, humanity will finally have one of it's most enduring, most puzzling questions solved : ""Why in the hell did Hitler give the 3 day halt order in the first place?!""

 Scholars, historians, researchers, etc.??????€? You've had 76 years to answer this question so now we are letting a movie director solve it for us instead. So take that, eggheads!"
0:48 HARRY STYYYYYYLE
harry was drowning ????????
In Nolan We Trust'
spectacular!
Half of the earnings of this movie will be all because of the Directioners.
00:47
???€?????????????????)
The music at 00:10 reminds me of No time for caution!
A film by Christopher Nolan, starring Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy? Can't fucking wait.
???????€????????€????????€?, ???€????????€? ???????€????????€? ???€??????????????????????????? ???????????????€?????????????€? ???€????????????????????? ???€??????????????????????????????????????????????€?. ???????????? ???????????????????????????€?????????????????? ????????????? ????????????????????. ???????????????????????? ????????????, ????????????????????
Madre que me pari???? s???? hazza muere ahogando me mato :v
i'm pretty sure every "harry styles hater" will become his diehard fan after this movie! <3
"Tired of rewatching Inception, TDK, Prestige and Interstellar among others. Finally Nolan is back. Zimmer already giving goosebumps and Hardy and Murphy mean this is it.
 PS: All the Harry Styles fans, do a background check on all the names i mentioned. Its a much much bigger deal than a musician's acting debut."
I absolutely love all of Christopher Nolan's films but judging from this trailer I think I might not like this one. I could be wrong since it is only a trailer that I just saw. This trailer wasn't good nor was it bad. It was more of a "meh Maybe I'll go see it once it comes out" feeling that I got from watching this trailer. Like I said I could be wrong and I might be amazed once i see the full movie.
Can't wait to watch this very emotional but has a strong hold on everyone
harry staring. harry looking to the left. harry getting scared. harry drowning.
Do you know what, I like Harry Styles and I like interesting movies about historically significant events so fuck you commenters slagging off directioners because of course we're all idiots. I'd be seeing this anyway even if Harry wasn't showing off his beautiful hair and face in it, all right?
Bit of a step down from Nolan..
One of humanity's greatest stories is about to be told by one of the strongest working film makers in his absolute prime and yet all everyone seems concerned about is the appearance of Harry fucking Styles.
This looks so so good!!
???????????????????? ????????????????????????? ???€????????? ???????????????????€?: ???????????????? ???????€????? ???????€????????????€????????????????????? ???? ????????????????????????????????????€?, ???????????????????????????? ???????? ????????????????????????? ???? ????????????????????????????????????????????????????€?????. ???€??????????????????????????, ???????????????????????????????? ???????? ???????????????€????? ???????????????€????????€????? ???????????????????????€? ???????????????????€?, ???????????????????????????????? ???? ???????????????????? ???? ???€?????????, ???€????€????? ???€????????€?????????????? ???????????? ????????????????????? ???????? ???????????????????????????€????????? ???????????????????????€????????? ???? ???????????????€????????????????????€?????...
Finally a war movie where we kinda almost win.
I think it's unfair how people are acting towards One Direction fans. I am one myself, and yes, I want to see this movie because of Harry. But that doesn't mean I'm just an intelligent little teenage girl who only cares about hot guys. You can't judge an entire fanbase because of how a portion of them are. Some of you all need to lay off on the fans, it's not a crime to like a band.
This movie is gonna be a FUCKING blockbuster bc of HARRY
a story about 400 thousand british pussies who didn't wanna die fighting.
It's a movie based on airplanes like pearl harbor or what ?
I'm definitely going to the theatre for this, looks epic !
For the people who don't know the story of Dunkirk, this is a WW2 event that had millions of Allied troops evacuate France while the Axis Powers were rapidly beginning to control Western Europe. As you can see in the first shot, the Germans would have completely slaughtered the Allies if we didn't get a warning. Also, the evacuation at Dunkirk took 3 days and Hitler didn't deploy troops to kill them on the beach. Many have speculated this is symbolic of one of Hitler's quotes against Churchill, stating that one of the reasons he didn't like him was for his lack of respect towards troops. But it has been more proven that there may have been miscommunication between German generals and they had to retreat into Eastern France.
Like for Battlefield1, the French ar in the DLC ?
This movie is going to be superb.
Perhaps casting Harry Styles will be a good idea in terms of making money, directioners will flock to see the film
How to make a sneaky blockbuster, just two words: Harry Styles.
Only here for Harry Styles!! Who else??
???€?????????????????????????? ???€?????????????????????? ???????????????????? 2 ???????????????????€????????? ???????????????????€? ????????????????????????????€?????.
"- Trolls
 - Dumb guys hating on Harry Styles
 - Old men attacking 1D fans
 - Nolan haters
 - More trolls"
yes!! i love war movies.. i cant wait to see this!!
I don't see the harm in wanting to see a movie with one of your favorite celebrities in it??? like what's wrong here???
THOMAS F**** SHELBY
Russia killed Mama https://twitter.com/almzane6060/status/809307925575503872
harryyyyy omggg im cryinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggg
who is tat guy in the last scene ?
I am unfamiliar with the topic this film is about I.e I don't know what Dunkirk is. But, it looks amazing and I'm excited to learn about it
Warner Brothers AND Christopher Nolan? G fucking g
not good
This looks amazing, it has to be good since Nolan is making it
This is the first actually decent trailer I've seen in a while, lately trailers are a summary of the entire movie from start to end.
"As a political science/history major, historical genre film junkie, AND a One Direction fan I really cannot contain my happiness. Excited to see how the film turns out; I particularly love WW2 films because both my grandfathers served in the war. I was never able to ask about their experience, and I feel as though films help me understand their lives better.


 Side bar: Harry Styles is fine as all hell."
JARVIS!!!!
CAN'T WAIT. looks great....I want to see the air to air dogfighting...
I remember Frankie on pc talking about this war stories.
i'm 1D fan but i'm here for C Nolan only.
(Incoming retarded one direction fan girls who don't give a shit about ww2)
Battlefield 2 looks amazing
WW2 brits?
Another world war 2 movie
When you like and know Christopher Nolan, Harry Styles, and the history of Dunkirk so none of the comments bother you. aND THIS MOVIE LOOKS FUCKING EPIC.
I cant even handle watching this trailer. Poor people who went to war in real life :(
???€????????????€????????????€??€??????€????€??????????????€?
like si veniste por harry styles!
I hope this doesn't end up like the pearl harbor movie.... well its not michael bay
Can't wait to see it.....
Dunkirk, British and French forces were trapped on the beach "Dunkirk". The land was surrounded by the Germans so they were stuck. Hitler never ordered a full scale attack on the 338,000 Brit/French troops, because Hitler thought they suffered enough(reason still up for debate though). Germans did a couple strafing runs. So the brits/french used small ships to get to the beach to transport troops out and put them on bigger ships to leave since they were stuck there and big ships couldn't get to the shallow waters. Gist of story.
???€????????€? ???????? ???????€????????€? ???€????????????????????????€? ???? ???????????????????????€????€????????????????€? ????????????????????????????????, ???????????????????? ???? ????????????????????????????????????????????, ???€????€????? ???????????? ???????????? ???????€?????????????????????????? ???????€?????????????????? ?????????????????????????????. ???????????€????? 2-???? ?????????????????????????????, ???????€?????????????????????????? ?????????????? , ???????????€?????????????????? ???????? ???€?????????????????€????????€? ???????? 10 000 000 ???€?????????????????????????, ????????????????€????????? 400 000 ???? ????????????. ???? ???????? ???????€????????????€? ????????????????????????????€?????, ???€????€????? ???????????? ???????????????????€????????????????€? ???????????????????????€? ???????????????????? ???????? "????????????????". ???????€????????????€? ???????€????????€????????€????? ???????????????????????????? ???????????????????€????????????????? ?????????????????????????, ???????????€?????????????????????????? ???€????????????????????€????????????????€? ???????????€????????????€?????????, ???? ???????€????? ???????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????€? ???????€? ???????????????? ????????????????????? ????????????????????????€????€?????. ???????????????????????? ???? ???????€??????????????????????????????????????, ???????????????????€????????????????? ????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????????? ???? ???????????€????????? 1 000 000 ???????????€????????????€????????????????€? ???????????????????????€?.
I'm actually quite interested in seeing how Harry Styles will perform
If I go to the movies and hear 1D fan girls screaming at the top of their lungs every time Harry Styles pops on screen I'll be PISSED.
haha the Stuka and all. These cunts should have been killed during this time. Hitler did not pause the siege, a small commander did. Would have crippled the birt shits.
YESS HARRY!!!!!!
Cillian Murphy yes
Another dumb military drama fishing for a fucking award. As if there aren't already millions of these already
Stop criticising @harryStyles, we have not watched his performance yet. This movie will be an epic just like the other movies of Nolan, he is a wise man and takes good decisions. So stop disliking and passing rude comments, and support this movie if you want to. #StopBeingJudgemental.
One direction fans, I am one myself I am only seeing this movie because harry styles is in it???????€????????€????????€?
"???????????????????????????????€????????? ????????????????
 ???????????????????????????????€????????? ????????????."
???????€????????????????????? ???€????????? ????????????????????? ???? ????????????????
Probably gonna watch it cause harry's in it. And oh, the movie's good too.
So excited!
Harry stylesss
This looks absolutely amazing
"To everyone saying that directioners shouldnt spoil the movie by concentrating on harry and just basically telling us that we're all shallow dumbasses and should shut up:
 1) Us being excited about harry is just like a fan of leo dicaprio being excited about him. Why does it suddenly hurt you?
 2) Please don't judge his acting skills before actually watching this movie. If he's bad, then im sure most of us will accept it and laugh it off and be proud of him for even trying.
 3) Why is it that if we're excited about harry, we cant possibly be excited about the movie itself? why do you think we wont be able to appreciate Christopher Nolan or the historic value in this?
 4) Why does it matter to you? If there's anyone it should matter to, its the rest of the cast and film people. And you know what? Im sure they're fine with us being excited about him because im sure they know he's a great guy and at the end if the day, all it means, is more money for them.

 So please just stop being killjoys and haters and just go about your own business. I hope you realise that you're arguing with 13-25 year olds. I hope you realise that its them that you're calling dumb and its them that youre asking to kill themselves. I hope you realise that at the end of the day, you just manage to come off as narrow minded and immature."
Ok drop the Harry Styles bs who cares if hes in that fag band he got a part in the movie go cry somewhere else. I dont even know why females would go crazy for him he is not even good looking my left nut looks better than him you know that armadillo looking thing when its freshly shaved?
?????????????????????.
I'm happy and angry!
I got the urge to like the video before the it was done loading and I do not regret it whatsoever.
???????????? ???????????????€????? ???????????€?????????????????€????????€????????? ????????????? ????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????€?????????. ???????€????????€?????????????.
hope is a weapon? throws up
Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy are two of the best actors working today. Anybody else watch Peaky Blinders?!
Epicness
I came for Tom Hardy. Take that sentence as you will.
Only the English can make running away look like a success.
???????????????????????€?????????????€????? ???????????€????????? ???€????????????????? "28 ???????????????€????????????????????€?????????"
goosebumps
I'm here for Harry, going to watch it just for Harry, come fuck with ya boi. Any hate drink bleach plz. Harry about to make this fuckin movie number 1
oh my harry! 0:47 and 1:39 and 1:54
Why do we fall, sir?
1:52 Harry dead
wow nothings more majestic than cowering away from the Nazi's it is just sad i mean really any battle ANY battle you could have picked but nope we pick the evacuation of Dunkirk
Britisch vs Germans? Or what?
How does nolan forget christian bale for this movie????
Spoiler alert!! Germany looses!
Y'all need to open up a god damn history book this ain't world war 1
Cool, Ps Checkout my channel 'Click on my DP' xD
CAN YOU HEAR ME SCREAMING
???? ???€????????? ???????????????????????????? ???????€????? ???????????????????????????€????????? ???€?????????????????€????????????????? ???? ???????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????€????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????? ???? ???€?????????????????€?????????????????? ???€?????????????????????€?? ???€????????????? ???????€????? ???€?????????, ???€????? ???????????????? ???????? ???????????????????? ???€?????????????????????????€????? ???????????????????????? ???????????????€????? ???€?????????????????.
?????????????
THAT"S THOMAS FOCKIN' SHELBY
Another masterpiece with Hardy Harry Styles Cillian Murphy! and Hans Zimmer on behind. Nolan is more than a genius
"BORING AF
 release the Justice League Trailer"
who is Harry Styles and why does he have girl hair
gotta watch it for tom hardy and Nolan combo!Don't care if harry styles in it or not!! like if u agree with me..
Christopher Nolan and Tom Hardy?! Sign me up!
HARRY
Yo mah bros! Leave the directioners alooone. Its the same if you're a fan of whoever else is in the movie or if its one of the best history movies ever made! Let's just all enjoy the movie alright? No hard feelings... Geezzzz.
Where is zouloux
please do not mention 1d and their fandom. They have rights to see any movie they want (: Harry is here as an actor not as singer. And here are some people who came to see tom hardy not for harry. Have you guys ever seen a movie just because you like actor in the movie??I'm quite sure you guys have.. don't be mean to them. They will not gonna interrupt you in cinema.They haven't done anything,actually
Christopher Nolan..... wow. Every single movie he comes out with is incredible. I can't wait to see this one.
"i hate trailers.. the teaser was perfect!
 Checkout my Channel, i got bars SON! xD"
Apenas en colombia se estrena el 21 de Julio... FALTA DEMASIADOO! ????Que hago con mi vida mientras tanto?
i hope this is Nolan's stepping stone to produce "Battle of Britain" remake.. please please please let this be true!
Honestly, after this trailer, I don't give a shit about Harry Styles, I just want to see the epic events of Dunkirk unfold on the big screen
1:39 OH MY FUCKING GOD
90% dos comentarios s????o sobre os one direction..kkk
This gave me a patriotism boner
1:48 Why Tom Hardy is always in the mask?
The cinematography looks as good as Saving private ryan. No other movie has come this close.
"99% for Harry Styles
 1% for WW2"
oh yeah I think there is no way to reunite 1D but the trailer is awesome & I will surely watch it this Summer????????????????. Go Harry ?????€????????€???
Christopher Nolan I love you so fucking much. You are brilliant.
Brave escape?
Only if they had redtails...
And here comes another round of 1D fans having to explain all the other reasons they have to see this movie other than Harry's face because really, how could our atrophied brains appreciate an actual great cinematographic experience when you know... HIS HAIR?!?
Please tell me they didn't make a PG-13 movie about an extremely violent period of history. Batman without blood barely made any sense. WWII without blood would be pure, unadulterated lunacy.
Holy Christopher Nolan. This is Oscar material.
stop saying 1D fans are only here for Harry, that they're gonna ruin the movie cause they're hysterical or whatever that's so stupid I went to see a whole movie about 1D at the cinema and didn't open my goddam mouth even once, if we decide to watch the movie we're not just gonna be here for Harry I mean we have the right to watch whatever fucking movie we want, the fact that Harry is a part of it doesn't mean we can't appreciate it for its value, god people are so close minded grow up ffs we're not all immature 12 yo girls, I personally would gladly like to know more about the war and if my idol is in the movie so what, that's a bonus for me and that's not gonna change anything for you so enjoy your god damn movie like I will instead of complaining
this might be a boring movie
One Oscar Parcel!!!
Why is there thousands of soldiers just standing there
If Harry dies in this movie I'll give a standing ovation in that damn theater as soon as it happens.
Well... this was a little dissapointing actually...
That is a beautiful Messerschmitt BF109 E4.
"Yeah it was a massive rescue. Germans allowed them to be rescued. Wrong move, from military stand point.
 I have no sympathy for Frenchies & the Brits. Because of the unwillingness to act and prolonging the ""phony war"" the Germans acted first and were able to destroy them in couple of weeks. Especially Frenchies were super arrogant.
 And the myth of the r????sistance. Tell me one battle that French resistance initiated with the German regulars. Pussies."
I just want to see it in the hopes that it is a good wwii movie
this looks shitty
I love Nolans work, so it will be great to see a war film directed by the man, I don't know much about the battle of Dunkirk, but Ill do a bit of research before seeing the film.
???????????????????????€????? ???????? ????????????????-???€????? - ???????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????
who gives a fuck about Harry Styles, I'm here for Tom Hardy and Chris Nolan.....Oh and of course HAN fucking ZIMMER. like if you agree.?????€???
Wow, and this generation needs therapy dogs because things don't go their way. Smh. Looks like this is the kind of movie we need.
I am so Excited and i can't wait to watch this Film Because Of HARRY STYLES?????€??€??????????????????????????????€????????€??€??????€??€?????????????????
IM SO EXCITED WTH JULY WHERE U ATTTTTTT
"Alright. After spending an unhealthy amount of time in this comment section, I will now summarize it according to my observations.
 1). OMG ITS WW1
 2). OMG ITS HARRY STYLES
 3). OMG ITS CHRISTOPHER NOLAN (I fucking love him by the way. Rare thing in this comments section, as most of these people (who are most likely below the age of 25) don't even know who he is and are obsessed with this ""Harry Styles"" character (whom I know not a thing about except he's in the band ""One Direction"".)

 (Disclaimer: Yes, I know the movie is a World War ll film. The World War l part above is a reference to how stupid some people are. Just because their uniforms are from World War l doesn't mean that it's World War l. You can obviously tell it's WWll by the planes. Also The Battle of Dunkirk was in WWll. Also, at this point in the War, the Brits hadn't modernized their military. That's why you see them also using the Lee Enfield rifle)"
harry fuckinggggg styles
Who else ISN'T here for Harry Styles?
Amazed,that we are destroying the nature to fulfill our ideas.
???????????????????? ???????????????????????€?????????????€?????
I'm so excited to watch
im not just gonna watch it for harry it actually seems like a good movie
The hype is now real
#ITHINKVERYDEEPLY in Star City soundcloud.com/l8don
???€?????????????????
I can even watch a Porn Film Directed by Nolan. ???????€?
#dayonewethere
???????????????????????????????????? ???????? ???????????? ????????????????????
im scared this comment section is gonna be full of one direction and nolan and bf1 fanboys/girls
Christopher Nolan : no comparison
Good
"So is having the predicted biggest block buster of the summer part of your plan??? ?? ?? - us
 Of course?? -C.Nolan"
Why everyone talking about Harry fucking Styles,,,,,,,
finally, another movie that fits his agenda.
I'm not gay but gotta say Nolan is bae!
Been waiting so fucking long for this
i saw tom hardy so its obviously gonna be an amazing movie
liked
"This should be rated R so most of the 1d fans won't see the movie.

 EDIT: I'm referring to the one direction fans who only want to see the film because of Harry Styles. It's so disrespectful to just ignore what the people have been going through during this event just for a celebrity."
Win the OnePlus 3T and more for just ???€??? 1! https://oneplusstore.in/december?_act_referrer=18829856
Hermann G????ring ruined it for Germany...if Hitler had listened to Gn.Manstein and Heinz Guderian....history would have been different
the music at 1:30 is amazing
harry!!!!
This should have been R rated ...would be funny to see the 14 year olds pull their hair off for not being able to watch it lol
"Can someone plz tell me who are 1 direction ? and where are they in the trailer ....
 omg I'm so excited for this movie.
 Nolan is my hero
 ???????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€?"
admit it you just wanna see Harry Styles here
Chris Nolan is all set for the Oscars.
i feel obliged to see this
This is more bullshit propaganda. Hitler kept asking for peace-- England wanted war. Hitler NEVER wanted to fight England. As a good faith effort-- he let all these English soldiers escape.
Soviet Union won W.War 2,you can make billions of movies and documentaries,it doesn't change the history.
i actually really want to see this because i'm very interested in ww2, harry styles being in it is just a plus.
who the hell is Harry styles? Why is everyone talking about him on this?
Boy, I sure hope they paint the Germans as the heroes they were for allowing the escape of those men, and I believe the number was 200k. Many people have questioned this move. London was there for the taking and Hitler didnt take it. What does that tell you?
Waiting for Hans Zimmer's soundtrack to this as well. Even the trailer music sounds cool!
Maybe Nolan should have done the DCEU.
"I can smell French Bashing again.
 Why ? Because only english soldiers in this trailer."
I understand why people are so angry over us because we're making the whole thing about harry ,but don't y'all understand he's our idol, we love and support everything he does and we're just exited about this. You're watching it for a reason and we're also so what's the problem? We aren't sending hate or saying anything that's hurting your sentiments . On the other hand you guys keep commenting how immature we're being and not understanding the whole point of the movie. It's horrible seeing people send hate to someone who's just here to support someone they love smh.
"war between england and germany
 england director nolan
 germany music director zimmer"
I am so excited for this movie, I've been waiting so long for this trailer! This is one of the most brilliantly shattering events the world had ever faced. 0:47 Harry Styles gives me life omg
You knw its Christopher Nolan when you hit the Like Button before the Trailer starts????????
Everyone is salty about Harry Stlyes, I'm salty about all these uneducated BF1 comments...
I see when this movie coming on theater,and Harry style appear on movie,you will hear a demon scream *lol
cant wait to watch this
"The only 2 british Harry's I'll know are the Prince Harry and the Potter. All other famous Harry's are BS. For all 1-D fans, Please do not ruin the epic that Nolan has created. It is disgusting when you ruin this great story with your concern of a Taylor Swift reject
 BTW, The music from Hans Zimmer is GREAT!"
"Spoiler Alert:






 The Allies won WWII."
"Harry fucking Potter
 brb kms."
i think i saw Harry Styles lol
somebody fill me in, unfamiliar with this
yep he's going to fuck us again
"okay , I have enough of these comments saying that 1d fans are going to ruin this movie for them.
 yes , we are going to watch this movie for harry ,but, that does not mean that we are going to hoot and cheer in the theatre and ruin it for others.
 so, just knock it off"
m
???€?????????
i'm not bothered with the appereance of harry styles at all, but what bother me is the studio using the jericho trumpet sound on every goddamn german plane scene except for the ju87 stuka which is the plane that is famous for the jericho trumpet in their bombing run. cmon nolan learn some history would you? you should've just use the maybach engine sound for the bf109 and fw190
It Looks like a promisng WWII movie that won't live up to the disrespectful bullshit we have seen time and again. Most notably "Fury".
all i need to know is chris nolan is behind it, and im behind it
he's hot
I came to watch the trailer and the comment section gave me migraine. Can everyone shut the fuck up and stop being so butt hurt? Damn, people are so overly petty these days. Let the kids enjoy their teen heartthrob, at least they'll go see the movie.
HARREH :'(
Guess what i will not watch trailor, just waiting for it to release. I trust Nolan Brothers for surprises.
By order of the Peaky fookin' Blinders
This is not meant to offend anyone so read at your own will!!! I love WWI and II movies and i think people should just leave Harry styles alone i mean yeah he was in a cringey band but he's trying to make a living. and just a note for some or most of the fans ( NOT ALL) this isn't a movie to gawk your eyes at a character that was in a band, but a telling of a battle that changed lives there is so much that goes into it and if your watching the movie for an irrelevant reason then you need to rethink because men died at this battle to protect people and land so they made this movie to give you a point of view not for you to drool over Harry! This is not made to offend anyone again and people should go and enjoy the movie just with a mind set that this a movie about a battle during WWII not for me to "fangirl". I am happy for the guy because he has taken big leap from being a singer to a actor in a war movie, but you fans need to understand there is meaning to this movie that can hit many people emotionally and this movie is more than just about a pretty face! R.I.P for those who served in WWI, WWII, and many other wars because without brave hearts like you we wouldn't know what the word BRAVERY stands for! Thank You.
im a 1d stan who loves history and learning about the world wars I AM WINNING!!! I CANT WAIT FOR THIS
I don't usually watch war films but with Christopher Nolan directing and Tom Hardy, Kenneth Branagh AND Cillian Murphy in it, I just can't say no!
"ohh Harry ????????????????????????????????
 ?????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????????"
Christopher Nolan makes his work as an art...he is the finest director of our generation and I just want to see why he believes harry styles for this movie...that's it.
"I'm becoming so pissed I have to say something.

 1. STOP PICKING ON DIRECTIONERS. Not ALL of us are only here for Harry (it's the main reason I'm here but not the only one) what's so wrong with getting excited about seeing one of our all time favorite singers in his very first movie? And I'm actually very interested in the history of World War II so that's another reason for me wanting to see it
 2. If I see one more person say Harry only got the role because of who he is please don't come near me or I might EXPLODE WIITH ANNOYANCE. The casting director said himself that was one of the obstacles Harry had to face. They were thinking of not casting him so as not to send the wrong message. HE WORKED HIS ASS OFF TO GET THAT ROLE. Harry went back and forth between two cities to audition now does that sound easy to you? He was chosen because of how much he wanted it and how hard he worked. So PLEASE stop picking on him I'm asking NICELY"
So now you are letting Gay stars,performing at a movie about your heroic fake history?
"""From Christopher Nolan""

 OH GOD YES."
Imagine all the fangirls going to this movie just to see Harry styles in it.
I hope I can watch this in peace, with all the 1D fans. Ironically, this movie's about war, not peace.
Fell in love. Again.
Cant wait.... Nolan fan from india
1:37 hey those are Zero fighters showed on ''The wind rises.
2017 could be one of the best years for films :)
jjhj
Thomas fucking Shelby
I'm telling ya, 2017s gonna be great after this shit year.
YESSSS LOOK AT MY BABY HARRY!!!!
It looks amazing
Hitler just allow them to escape and not attacked as he was thinking that he will have peace with Great Britan so he was not willing to risk this. Real tragedy II word war was with every other soldiers so I am supriced they are focusing on those 400 000 ....
please join my clan in coc.. i need to make someone a co.leader... #GQRQ9PVL
i was like ehhh then i saw christopher nolan and i was like FUCK YEEESS
please join my clan in coc..#GQRQ9PVL
All propaganda. There is no proof any of this actually happend. It's just faked to make Amerikkka seem strong when in reality other country's would have won if this war was real.
00:47- 00:48 im pretty sure there were no ship to shore cranes in this time of history.
why would they make a movie about this when they could've made inglorius basterds 2: bbc on tour in europe?
GOOD LORD CHRISTOPHER NOLAN IS GREAT
Just like most of Christopher Nolan movies, I had to watch this trailer 3 times to understand what's going on.
1:49 Bane?
The peaky blinders are coming !
"sup guys ive just made a gaming channel with a few videos
 make sure to check it out and support my channel (more games/videos on the waay!!) thanks"
Dont kill Harry but i like War movies so fuck yall and kiss my ass fuckin negative ass niggas
"The only thing Harry did was look up
 i mean, i hope he's like... a secondary character
 but please dont get all FANATIC over 1 shot of him looking up"
Chuck Norris will save them.
?????€????????€????????€???
2016/17 is lowkey tryna get kids interested in WW1-2 with BF1 and this lol
"As a fan of both war history (&movies) and One Direction, I am most definitely looking forward to watching this in cinema. Surely, the efforts and spirit of the Allied Forces will be reflected in the movie.

 And goddam, just appreciate the fucking film. Stop making this about ""oh, it's just brainless one direction fans watching this. hey! hey! what direction do five gay guys go in? ONE DIRECTION HA!"""
biggest embarrassment of ww2
Churchill fucking retard
I don't know why but this movie kinda reminds me of Battlefield 1 with the armor the British were wearing
"Hey, One Directioners! What if.....
 I told you that Harry dies at the end of the movie? ;D"
I enjoy Nolan films and know nothing of this "Harry" everyone is referring to. However, I say great. If this Harry can act well and if young children end up becoming interested in a great film, even for the wrong reasons, it's still a positive. Just don't don't go clapping and cheering every time you see your idol on the big screen while others are watching. Other than that, enjoy.
IM SO SHOOK OMG MY BABY Y'ALL KNOW WHO IM TALKIN BOUT
Meh, looks more like your typical bullshit WWII film to me.
Who the fuck is Harry Styles? Well, nobody knows about that kid.
I'm so excited for this TBH but as much as I hate to say it I keep picturing harry acting the same as he did in icarly lmaooo no hate I love him
You know it's gonna be good when you see Christopher Nolan's name on the movie
History spoiled the movie for me
This movie is about men and their safe spaces.
I think I'll watch Transformers 5 thank you very much lol
And the Academy Award for best director 2017 goes to.......Christopher Fucking Nolan !!
so its a musical about the Franco Prussian wars with 1-Direction as the soundtrack
In Nolan we trust.
Looks Good
Why are most of you so concerned on putting down Harry Styles and the One Direction fan base instead of sharing thoughts about new production of great Christopher Nolan? It'd be good if you remembered that most of these fan girls comments are from teenagers, and why do most of adults try so hard to offend them just because they are proud of their idol?
When people talk about ''bring our troops home'', these normal people actually went out and physically did it!...That generation man.
"Haters gonna hate hate hate hate hate
 I'm just gonna shake shake shake shake shake
 shake it off shake it off"
"First Day First Show....lots of love from India CHRISTOPHER NOLAN.
 and one req...please made one more part of d dark knight...Because Batman is always a comic superhero but u made him a legend and now his legacy is dying...Zack Snider is a talented Director but he can not handle Batman...!!!
 So please made one more version...D DARK KNIGHT RISES AGAIN...!!!!"
"What a huge load of cancerous shit...playing the victim card once again :/

 The german superior race should have left the Great Russia alone and concentrate its efforts in exterminating the entire french & brit rats without any mercy"
So what if a couple of teen girls want to watch the movie cause Harry Styles is in it?? Lots of people are attracted to movies because of their fave celebrities, it's hypocritical to imply that the ONLY reason one watches a movie is to understand its "historical aspect" or just for the story. If they came here to see their favorite celeb then great! More publicity for the film and despite what everyone says I'm sure that was one of the director's reason for casting Harry Styles. So get the fuck over yourselves and leave the Harry Styles fans be cause there are millions of them.
Cillian ????????????????????????
WHEN I SAW HARRY DROWNING MY HEART DROPPED TO MY ASS LIKE I KNOW ITS NOT REAL BUT FUCK MY CHILD
I SAW HARRY 3 FUCKING TIMES
????????????
Where is TOM HARDY?
And the Oscar for Best Directing goes to...... CN
"A Christopher Nolan film?





 SAY NO MORE"
Looks great. It's a story that needs to be told more often. My great uncle was killed in the invasion of Holland at Operation Market Garden and my great grandfather was killed by a bomb walking home during the Battle of Britain. The British sacrificed a lot more than people think during the second world war, and they should be respected.
Still waiting for a new WW1 movie that is kinda like all quiet on the western front.
One Direction fans are lucky that this is not a Taraintino film.. they would see his guts hanging out if it was. lol
Knowing Nolan, I'm assuming that this film will be awesome, but I don't know how he'd handle a film of such significant historical context. He does like to place emphasis on the human spirit/will so it could either turn out to be a beautiful, bittersweet film (Interstellar) or just overly romanticize the event. Nonetheless, I'm happy Nolan is back with more.
I really want to see this movie but I don't want to sit in a movie theatre with dozens of screaming weeping teenies!! Hear Harry is quite good in it so I hope they give him a chance to do his thing without spoiling it for everyone else.
WWII films have been done to death, I was hoping the release of Battlefield 1 would shed some light on The Great War, and hopefully a movie about it would come out, but I guess not. I don't know maybe there are some WWI films out that I just don't know about.
#1 Trending. Thats right baby!! Thumbs up...who's excited?!!!!!!
ok but tom hardy AND cillian murphy together again, I cant wait.
I don't care who that boy is, I see Christopher Nolan I know my life values will be reshaped again. Btw, you have Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy, why the fuck you still care about anything else?
It's quite simple I heard Styles was staring in this film so of course I'm going to ducking watch it
1:39 That highlight though
Harry..????????????????????????
1:31 bf1 weapon
Why are they all speaking english?
damn !! patriarchy at it's finest
looks boring
Oh my sweet baby Jesus. I love WW2 I love Nolan movie and I love one direction. It's a miracle I can enjoy watching my favorite war come to life, enjoy a mother freaking Christian Nolan movie and then see a band member I like! 3 for 1!
Another war movie that exalts the virtues of war.
Harry.
Christopher Nolan is that type of director who makes movies where you don't watch it because an A-List actor is in it. Just his productions as a whole are just remarkable
bf1: the movie
I'm not the only one who's watching this movie because I love Nolan, Murphy and Hardy am I? It seems most of you just wanna see Harry Styles... Don't get me wrong I am interested in learning what happened as I've never heard of Dunkirk before, but the main reason I'm here is cause I love Chris Nolan movies.
Jesus!
If I can't buy the song that starts at 1:07 I'm not gonna be happy.
HOLY SHIT I've got chills all over! must see
Oh, what a treat this comments section is... One Direction fans being harassed by adults who have nothing better to do. Yes, I agree that some fans are young and uneducated... however, this does not give you the right to belittle them. Whatever reason anyone has for seeing this film is their prerogative. Be happy that the film will make a little more at the box office and move on. I'm sure Christopher Nolan doesn't care who comes to see his film as long as it does well and gets good reviews. I'm personally quite interested to see Harry take a stab at professional acting and hope his performance is up to par... only time will tell. Don't worry, grown men... I'm sure you won't even notice him amongst all of the other soldiers. Get over yourselves...
Who tf is harry styles?
I guess ur old when u recognise Cillian Murphy and recall his great acting career and totally not sure which one is Harry styles
Fuck all these people coming here for Harry Styles.
another great bf1 dlc
1.11 - Thomas Shelby in the wrong war?
4e 6f 20 6f 6e 65 20 6b 6e 6f 77 73 20 77 68 6f 20 6c 65 66 74 20 66 69 72 73 74 2c 20 74 68 65 20 66 69 72 73 74 20 62 6f 72 6e 20 6f 72 20 74 68 65 20 66 69 72 73 74 20 6f 66 20 6d 61 6e 3f
i hope the movie is as dope the the cast!
Everyone talking about Harry Styles, m here like where the heck is Tom Hardy??
Holy shit chrisophet nolan
de q trata?
Harry is my favorite princess disney
The emotion on Harry's face at 1:53 tells me he's going to be great in this movie
What are the 1,000 dislikes for? A lack of Batman?
subscribe to #Pharaohxp
Someday Tom Hardy will do a flilm without wearing a damn mask
This movie is going to be amazing!
but will it beat saving private ryan?
I'm gunna see this movie because I love war movies
im pretty sure christopher nolan wouldnt have put harry styles in this if he didnt think that he was good enough for the role !!! everyone in the comments is so sensitive why dont you just comment about the movie and not about how you dont like someone in it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
superb background scores
who else is here for tom hardy and not harry styles
The next BF1 update looks great
People need to stop being like "if you're here for harry kys." Try to wrap your mind around the fact that people can appreciate a movie and still enjoy the appearance of a celebrity they care about. Thanks.
I don't see why people think that all we (directioners) care about is Harry. I'm actually interested in the movie not just about Harry so please stop saying hateful things and jumping to conclusions
FUCK YEAH
"Like= Find $1,000
 Sub= Find $5,000 + I'll deep throat you
 Don't pass this by or get 10 years of bad luck"
As a history major reading the comments it hurts my soul that people don't even know the difference between ww1 and ww2 or that the evacuation at Dunkirk even happened
"Hope is the only thing stronger than fear.??????? - Suzanne Collins from The Hunger Games!
im here purely for harry
"Tom Hardy
  Mad Max:Hope is a mistake..
 Dunkirk:Hope is a weapon...


 Irony...."
everyone is commenting about how people are raving on about harry styles being in it when all i can see is angry men (im guessing) complaining about it just shh and let people enjoy the trailer!!!!!!
hope this makes a billion...
BRUH THIS GONNA BE GOD!!!
???????? ???€????????€????? ????????????????€????????€? ???????? ???????????????????????????????????€?????. ???????????€????€?????.
Fun fact hitler didn't kill all the men at Dunkirk because He wanted to eventually convince England to help him fight the ussr
1:29 This BGM is going to be EPIC.
Ohhh harry look so sexy
No se como pero la tengo que ver a como de lugar hazza esta ah???? ????????????????
Can we all just watch this movie because it seems like a great movie? can you imagine how much effort must have been put into making this film? can we just appreciate the story and the efforts that were put in by the crew and the cast? Why do you all have to reduce an awesome movie into stupid arguments over harry styles? LOOK AT THE BIGGER PICTURE.
look another Nazis movie. how unpredictable and original. rolleyes
I can feel the music, without doubt its Zimmer. Trailer looks promising, yet to see movie to get surprise. Bt only one glimps of Tom Hardy also in Plane, lets see where its heading.
I wanna see a movie about the battle of Berlin or Stalingrad
"""Hope is a weapon""
 Zimmer scoring comes in
 Chills down your spine

 This man is eargasm in human form."
Oh thank fuck, a WW2 film this year without Mel Gibson's fucking preachy bullshit.
???????€????????????????€????????€????? ???????????????? ???? ???????????????????????€?????????????€????? ????????????????????. ???????????? ???????????????€?????????.
"I hope they cut Styles out of the film entirely just to screw with the fangirls. ""hoo carez about ww2, i wanna se hawwy stylz ;;d""
 ""waat no hawwy stylz? WAHHHHHH"""
HARRY
Can't stay in a boy band forever, ya know.
This soundtrack is gonna be amazing
Wow, another shitty nationalistic WW2 film!
???€?????????????????????€? ????????????????????????????€????????????????????€????????? ?
tha gave me goosebumps?????€????????€???
Cow chop
like played medal of honor now))
1 in 6 of the British forces that fought World War 2 were Indian people. Ofcourse they won't show this in the movie.
1:24 THE BFG BITCHEZ
The futility of war couldn't have been expressed better. Nolan the Legend. /\
Highly suggest everyone who wants to see this just because Harry Styles is in it (don't get me wrong I'm excited) please do some research on what this story is really about.
I just want a movie from the german perspective... that would be so cool.
FINALLY A TRUE WAR MOVIE !!! NOT SOME KIND AN IMAGINATION SUPER POWER MOVIE ....
looks boring meh
I wanna watch it because Christopher Nolan is my favorite director but then I don't because harry styles
Not bad
C'est moi ou ????a parle de Dunkerque mais les Fran????ais sont (encore) absents?
I bet this movie can beat Saving private Ryan
Bro.. bro listen. Listen bro. Your extremely uncalled for comments about 'little Harry styles' won't mean shit when this movie explodes the box office. It's going to be a brilliant movie, why does it matter if someone from a band is in it, and if fans are going to go see it? You know, it's not a rom com, it's not a movie without a meaning or purpose. Yes, 1D fans will go to see this movie but they're going to learn something from it.
Battlefield 1 !!
To all the idiot teenagers who are go read a history book about dunkirk please instead of making stupid commets about a actor.
It's gonna be so good. but I wanna know how the trailer music is called
?? ???????????????????? ???€????€? ???????????? ? ???????€????????????????? ???????????????????? )
Is movie about Australia?
The One Direction movie made $28 million. The last 3 Nolan films have made $928 million. Despite this teen-oriented comment section, Harry Styles will not have an impact on the box office.
How much does it cost to get on #1 trending?
FUUUCCCKKKK HAROLD ISHMAEL IS PROUD
???????????€??????????????????????????, ???????????????????? ???€?????????????????€????????????€? ???????????????????????€? ???€????????????????? ???? ???€?????????, ???????????? ???????????? ????????????????????????€????????????????? ????????????@????????????????.....
don't you just hate when your life couldn't be any worse so you turn on the radio and it plays the saddest song you've ever heard!!!
wasnt there a three days cease fire for this? so they can evacuate... I guess they will address it in the movie eh...
wasnt there a three days cease fire for this? so they can evacuate... I guess they will address it in the movie eh...
nice
All my friends have birthdays this year!!
This movie looks legit the plot is amazing and Harry being there is a bonus can't wait to see it!
Lmao to everyone - very few one direction fans are 13 years old :):):) if your favourite actor was in a film, you'd probably watch it regardless of whether you were passionate about the story line. We're supporting somebody we care about, not trying to take credit for the success of the film. Please chill the fuck out
The people is not watching this because this movies is directed by one of The greatest directors right now, neither because one of The best actors right now (Tom Hardy) is in it. The people is watching it just for Harry Styles... It's just sad.
I'm so ready to get my bitch on the moment I hear a Directioner scream when Harry pops up
how many people are here for harry?!
cillian murphy again wkwkwk
nolan.hardy.styles holy shit this is gonna be big lmao
ADMIT IT HALF OF THE PEOPLE WATCHED CUZ OF HARRY STYLES
everyone complaining about all the fan girls only caring about this because of Harry Styles are seriously as stupid as all the immature fans girls they're complaining about. Hahaha oh youtube.
I hope they show every side of the war not only the American English
this movie looks like it's going to be sad as fuck and terrifying as fuck at the same time. Christopher Nolan is so good with trailers.
"Let me just get my fan girl out for a second
 Shdjsbfjebdisjdkgiebfbharryjwdbjwjfjwdbjstylesjdjdjeiehwif

 Ok back to the real world damn this movie looks dope ?????€????????€????????€???"
???€?????????????????!!! 2,5 ???€????????????????????????? ???????????€??????????????????????, ???? ???????????? ???????????????????????€????????????????€? ???????€????? ???????????? ???€?????????????????????????????? ???? ???????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????????????))
All I see is comments hating on people who comment about loving Harry Styles, but I have yet to actually see a comment about loving Harry Styles...
man i am sick of WWII movies...meh'. OK we get it, hitler was bad the rest of the world was good. period. we saw that in hundred other movies. hey hollywood why not make a movie on Israel's continuous massacre on the Palestinians? i think people are still not aware of that
the ugly Face of war.....
HANS FUCKING ZIMMER THIS BETTER BE YOU BECAUSE HOLY SHIT THIS SOUNDS BEAUTIFUL
Isnt that old guy the guy who did the BFG voice (1:19)
Harry Styles!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WHO FREAKED THE FUCK OUT WHEN THEY SAW HARRY HSSBDBDUSHSNDISIS
If Harry dies I'm sueing
I love ww2 movies there awesome
I thought its BF1 movie hahahah
Harry's got that style now bitch
man ! that is awesome ! harrrreh !!!
"I showed this to my cat
 She's having ww2 flashbacks right now"
Gay
Between all the comments asking what the Dunkirk evacuation was, or saying this is going to be about D-day, or relating it to BF1, really makes me question people's grasp on historical events... and using Google.
I really hope that Ju 87 siren sound effect that played every time a 109 flew by was just for the trailer and not actually in the film. Historical inaccuracies like that really annoy me.
*facepalm after reading some comments like "Harry will get an Oscar/will be nominated for Oscar ". Bitch calm your titties down its his first damn fucking movie.
he le????do tantas muertes de Harry en fics que creo que esta no me doler???? xdxdxd
I've been waiting a long time for this film. Still have to wait half a year to see it, but I'm sure the waiting will pay off. This looks exactly like the war film we all wanted Dunkirk to be. Reading about the situation of Dunkirk is tragic. Only so many men could be rescued, and the rest (being American, French, and English soldiers) were captured by the Nazis. I remember how powerful Unbroken was, and I hope this one has a similar sense of hope and faith.
is this the new bf1 dlc
TELL ME ABOUT DUNKIRK WHY DOES HE WEAR THE MASK?
more bs propaganda from zionist Hollywood. history isn't what Hollywood says it is. it isn't taught in our schools anymore. we get a watered down lie that is nothing more than elites glorifying their bull shit wars
it reminds me of battlefield 1
0:47 OMG It's Harry Styles - 1D.
trailer i cant say anything but its nolan, movie will be awesome , it needs to be awesome
fucking thank us motherfucker cause we're gonna fuck the cinemas to fucking watch this movies BC of harry motherfucking Styles. we're gonna be your fucking saviour so for those other people who's complaining about us always fucking talking about harry bettah shut ur mother fuckin' mouth cause ain't no fandom like the One motherfucking Direction fandom. goodbye
Since When was December ever movie trailer month?
???? ????????????????????????€? ???? ???????? ????????????????????????€? ????????????????
I'm genuinely interested in movies like this one so the fact that harry styles is in it, just makes me even more excited to watch it.
I wonder if ((((Hollywood)))) will tell the truth about WW2 in this movie
This looks amazing, can't wait to see it!
im pretty sure the "fangirls" watching dunkirk know how good christopher nolan's films are and that they arent going to a concert. how does them going because of harry even disrupt your viewing experience of this movie?? they wont be screaming thats for sure so just give them a break.
"To everyone here for Harry or just in general, do yourselves a favor and educate yourself on the topic of Dunkirk.
 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Dunkirk
 Not respectful to the many who perished if you ignore the films topic simply because of an over-glorified musician is a member of the cast."
Try band of brothers it's awesome
they had me at chris Nolan. hopefully Hans Zimmer does the score. they made some of the best films ever made together. 2 geniuses.
Can't wait to see this.
This looks good. Christopher Nolan does not disappoint.
here bc of harry styles
THIS FILM LOOKS AMAZING
I love Harry but I came to see Hardy, Tom Hardy! The guy in the plane!
Parece que vai ser bom
Please if anyone can help this family get a headstone for their baby son please go to https://gofundme.com/indigenous-angelic-baby
I'll be that fan in the movie theatre freaking out and fangirling every time Harry comes out
Idk why I was expecting some fictional movie....
Harry styles in this movie ???
so its like battlefield 1, where once you get spawn trapped, you don't have anything to do but die?
I am here because I love these kind of movies but I also love One Direction and there's nothing bloody wrong with it.. if anyone wants to watch the movie bcz of styles then let them be, if anyone wants to watch the movie bcz of any other actors so be it, if anyone wants to watch the movie cz they like history let them be.. we all have different reasons.. if I watch Dunkirk cz I wanna see Harry, let me be.. if I watch hackshaw ridge cz i wanna see andrew, let me be.. i dont see any problem if anyone watches a movie bcz they wanna see the actor. Thank you for your time.. if you read my comment until this sentence then you can't say "i dont care" bcz u cared enough to read this comment.
Timely, I just re-watched Inception last night. This will be great. #InNolanITrust
this is ww2 right?
woah
shitty trailer
I've yet to see a Christopher Nolan film that hasn't impressed me. This one looks incredible too
i don't know what history this belongs to but one thing is true the people the army fight for us that is the true one and how the suffer for us before doing any thing wrong for the nation or for some one just remember the guys they are not having fun over there they live for us know we will live for them
hahaha jaja bad germans????????€?
I'll reserve judgement on the movie, but this trailer sucked.
Why does everyone hate Gary Giles?
so
Just subscribed Warner Bros for Nolan.
Here for Chris Nolan and Tom Hardy
Who thinks of battlefield 1 when they see this
So this movie is about the British soldiers desperately waiting for ships to go home?
im here because harry, but damn, the movie will be lit. Nolan you did a great job
Scoring so intense
when they calling us little kids yet only little kids talk shit buhh Oh well... btw we should be proud! it's #1 on trending! :))
One of humanity's greatest stories is about to be told by one of the strongest working film makers in his absolute prime and yet all everyone seems concerned about is the appearance of Harry fucking Styles.
will this movie pass the bechdel test?
but everyone is so fucking butt hurt about how teenagers in the comments are talking about harry being in the movie. like calm tf down, it's just a movie guys ???????€?. an actors an actor .
Christopher Nolan is overrated af.
"I'll be honest with you, like the other 2.4 million teenage girls( fake statistic) that flocked to this trailer, I'm only here because of Harry Styles. I'm not a fan of One Direction and never have been but the thought that a teen pop star taking the career move to a gritty biopic actor peaked my curiosity and after watching this trailer, and completely forgetting about Harry Styles I'm genuinely interested in this film and can't wait to see it in theatres, come summer 2017.

 But to all of you man child's (men children?) kicking up a fuss in the comments section about the rabid Harry Styles fan girls talking about this film, get a fucking life; you must remember that he's their favourite celebrity and seeing him in something other than an interview or music video is exciting to them. Everyone has a favourite celebrity that they feel giddy about when they release a new song or star in a new movie, it's normal for teens and young adults to have celebrity idols. I don't really know where I'm going with this but whatever... so don't act like this kind of mainstream media attention is in any way toxic or corruptive to the movie's success if anything this will help the movie in terms of profit and possibly reviews; sure it's not some exclusive nerd thing now that there's a pop star in it but not everything good is exclusive, if it's not a good movie then it's not a good movie but that's not because of the cast. This paragraph has no sense of direction but neither does Harry Styles.

 Toodles!"
1:54 - Drowning with a life jacket?
definitely going to watch this movie!!! <3
This movie is going in a good direction if you know what I mean...
???????€????? ???????????????€??????!
look like battlefield 1
films w a lot of action or movement to them give me really bad anxiety but i've always been a fan of harry & im ready to try & not have a panic attack in the theater ?????€???????????
i think order of the peaky blinders is not working here....
Reminds me of Battlefield 1..
I'm here because it is nolan movie and also tom hardy
is this where the british loss in ww2
"Sees it is directed by Christopher Nolan. Thinks back to dark knight...






 Instantaneous nerd boner"
I can't wait for the complex ending of the movie....NOLAN style
Can't wait to cry to this
fv
Yes yes harry is in the movie I love one direction but can we focus on the part that it will be a great movie because it is a Nolan movie
Kenneth Branagh, Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy Holy Shit! Too bad I dont watch War movies!
christopher nolan should be an epic.
glad to see the Batman gang back together
The comment section is truly saddening......I pity both the section, am I the only one who doesn't give a fuck about Harry stiles being in the movie or some teenagers flanking the theatres just for him? It's a movie not the real World War, keep the childish opinions to yourselves and enjoy the movie according to yourself.
"The most annoying part of all this is when people forget that this is a real life event where 11,000 allied soldiers died fighting for freedom and for survival. If it weren't for those men that died defending the beaches and holding off German forces or the civilians that risked their lives to graciously help in the evacuation, the allies would have lost the war and the Axis powers would most likely have taken over the world.
 If you were watching a movie about 9/11, you wouldn't go gloating for some popular celebrity, its all about remembering and learning from the tragedies so we can at least prevent it in the future."
War movies are always great, well except for this one
When battle field 1 becomes a movie
Good use of sound, the idea of a place as something to fear or an enemy, propaganda, the use of so many extras, the use of so many effects,
I'm a grown ass man i don't care about the singer guy but ??????? is that ??????? is that Tom Hardy??????????
Home
im glad that Im confuse wt the plot of this movie ....... I want a surprise from nolan.
imma try not to scream or cry while watching this
Why is everyone leaving BF1 comment on a ww2 movie trailer when BF1 is based in ww1
#InNolanWeTrust
It's good seeing Christopher Nolan back again
This is my most hyped film I'm waiting for. then after that is The Last Knight.
MARK RYLANCE!
i hope that soldier is just going for a swim..... :(
NOLAN > styles
All I see in the comments is everyone saying not to be screaming about Harry. Yet, I haven't seen anyone comment about Harry except for those people. Hmm..
The next Battlefield game
I'm actually so excited for this movie this is gonna sound stupid but battlefield 1 made me love WW1 and i'm learning about WWII in history and in just really interested
I'm excited to watch this movie and learn about the history and story of this event. If I'm being honest, the reason that I heard about this movie was because of Harry Styles and I'm a fan of him, but I've noticed a lot of immature comments about one another in this comment section. For example, non-Directioners are being insulting and attacking just because we are fans of Harry. Most of us who are fans are also very interested in actually learning about the movie's historical background as well. It's extremely disappointing to hear people telling us to "kill ourselves", "get the f*** out", or to "get our arrogant little a**es out of here." Everyone is saying how "immature and stupid" we are, but in reality, they're being just as arrogant and immature as us too. I'm not saying that it's ok for girls to watch this movie only for the reason that Harry Styles is in it, but we should definitely be given a chance to watch the trailer in peace without being attacked by many others in the comment section. I see this all as a great opportunity for young girls (and boys as well) to be educated about what happened at Dunkirk. I think we all just need to be more mature, grow up, get over ourselves, and enjoy this trailer regardless of any reason we are here. The actors/actresses in this film have probably worked their butts off trying to make this movie the best it can be, and I'm pretty sure they'd be offended by reading many of these comments. It's time for us to all get along.
Hell Yeah! This looks so good!
I'm here to read the comment section
OH MY FUCKING JESUS I'M SO EXCITED FOR THIS FUCKIN MOVIE
Let's talk about Cillian Murphy
Question: planes heard like junkers stukas but looked like messersmicht, what are those planes?
Omg can everyone calm down and be excited for a movie ? Can everyone be collectively happy? Why do we all have to see a movie for the same reasons ? We don't . Chill out . If your watching this , it means you probably want to see the movie . Why is there a problem with that???? Let's just be positive please .
"For every American
 1 Search in Google - hdpixels
 2 Select 1st Site
 3 Disable adblock if using
 4 Select 3rd Popular post
 5 Click Sponsord Link
 Enjoy Night"
YAS HARRY
I just think it's funny how people are trying to start shit lmao. Isn't it great that more young people are going to go see their idol and probably learn something as well? Why the hell does it matter if you're here for Harry or not like the movie is gonna get more publicity so
whats the amazing music at 1:27?!?
0:36 look the extra...What a stupid movie.
In Nolan We Trust
quien le dio no me gusta que se vaya a mamar un guevo
Why isn't the thumbnail shot in the trailer, it looks stunning.
I get a battlefield 1 vibe here, anto me else?
Another masterclass from Nolan then!!!!
"I'm trying to play Game of War but this one player keeps kicking my ass."
Won't watch as harry is there
its a nolan movie...that means it'll be wonderful...
We 'bout to get back to 1941
Im horny for this movie fuck
Harry is beautiful
holly shit!!!!!!!
Now just imagine a movie by Nolan about Kursk Battle or the hunt for Bismarck. Only because his little use of CGI and predilection for using real vehicles.
FINALLY,A FUCKIN MOVIE BASED ON SOMETHING THAT ACTUALLY TOOK PLACE IN HISTORY.LOOKIN FORWARD TO IT.
Anyone else here for Tom Hardy or is it just me?
War is scary and full of horrors.
"???€? ????????????????????????????????????????????????€? ???????????????????????€? ???????????€?????????????????? ???????????€????????? ????????????????????????????????????€? - ""???????????????????€????? ????????????????????????????????????€? ???? ???????????€????????€?????????"" - ???€????€????? ""???€?????????????????????"" ???????????????????????????????? ???€????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????) ???????????? ???????? ???????????????€????????? ???? ???? ?????????????????????????????, ???? ???????????????????€?????????????€????€? ???????€?????????????????????€? ???€?????????????????????€?... ???????????€?????????????????????, ???????????????? ???????????? ????????????????????????????€? ????????????????????????????, ???? ???????????????€????????? ???€?????????????????. ???? ???€????????????? ???? ???????€?????? ???€????? ????????????????????€????? ???????????????????? ???????????????? ???????????????????????????€????? ???€????????????????€????????????? 2???? ?????????????????????????????
 ????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????..."
ah very good, I'm go make a game about this
harry is gonna be in the movie for like 2 minutes don't waste your time or money
Another Jew War Porno Germany bashing Movie....Boycott them all.
Battlefield one live action movie? Boi, this is world war II
Wait was newt or harry styles
I hate how the comments are mostly hate on Harry Styles. Like why? Yeah he's in the movie so what? I loved One Direction. I love Harry. I love great movies. I love war movies. I want to watch this movie because it looks amazing! And I also want to watch it because Harry's in it! I really don't why all these people are angry. I don't know why people are so surprised or angry that Harry Styles is in this movie. HE'S A TALENTED MAN. Get the fuckk over it..
I wouldn't mind a ww1 movie
Jesus fuck that song fits.
I feel like Tom Hardy isn't getting enough attention in this comment section
well other movie about war, with different director, what original, this movie sure win the oscar
It's going to be weird seeing preteen girls all the way to ww2 vets in their 90's all in the same theater..
BY ORDER OF THE PEAKY FOOKIN BLINDERS
DIRECTIONERS WHERE YA AT? ????????€?????????€?
they've got cillian murphy in this so it better be good.
0:31 is he professor Gilderoy Lockhart from Harry Potter and chamber of secrets?
This better be rated R. pg-13 war films don't do it for me anymore, not after all the various Vietnam films of the 80s and of course saving private ryan. We all know what machine gun fire and bombs really do to the human body.
love this
why the fuck is Harry in here
THE AKWARDS THING IS THAT THE HATERS ARE COMMENTING ABOUT HARRY MORE THAN HIS FANS DO. Please, you're anoying. I came here to talk about the movie but yall don't seem interested.
nolan's use of practical effects sets him apart from other filmmakers and its what i like about him. really looking forward to this film
Really hoping all the teenage girls that go to watch this see Harry Styles die. :)
just when im learning about this in class too...
never heard of the harry styles kid. I'm just here bc i enjoy nolan films
I'm not hating, but this seems like a long ass movie
people who r saying us to leave this if we r here just for Harry, rethink of that????????. we also love movies. of course it is special for us bcz our most beloved hero is playing one of the major role here. i dont know why r u so jealous of him & trying to spoil him.so stfu????????
i came here for harry <3
Bullshit
100 years from now 99% of the movies made in the past decade will be forgotten. Nolan's films will be the 1% that will be remembered.
Just uploaded my first YouTube video, thought I'd let yall good people know , movie looks great
Bane!
Kino
CAN WE PLEASE PUT THE CAST, EVEN THE DIRECTOR ASIDE FOR ONE MOMENT. This movie is depicting one of the most miraculous and largest military rescue missions ever. The reason we even get see great movies and pieces of art like this is because of the men that died so we could have the ability to do so. Although they were able to rescue around 350,000 out of 400,000 men trapped on the coast, 50,000 men would die. When you watch this movie or even this trailer try to think for just one second about the sacrifices each man of the 50,000 made so we can go on with our lives not worrying about our freedoms being stripped from us. Or think about the fear some of these men must've felt, thinking they were facing imminent death at the hands of a merciless evil. Right before the events of Dunkirk 97 wounded British soldiers were captured by SS and put up against a wall then machine gunned down, remember them when you watch this, not who the people are who are gonna see it or for what reason, not for whose in the movie or who is directing it, but for what it is depicting, remember the bravery of the men who died at Dunkirk and the Les Paradis Massacre or The Battle of France, remember the evil that your ancestors had to face and the price they payed for your freedom.
Battlefield 1?
I'm actually super pumped for this... & I also kinda want to see Harry act. ???????€?
one directionar ?????€??€?love you Harry,for you and the director also,but I love only you,I have loved you always,can't wait any longer
We never see a sad nazi war movie its all one sided like they arent human or got a story
Didnt even know who Harry Styles was before this comment section .
Ok I'm hyped, I don't like war movies but still it looks nice
Yes I am a fan of Harry Styles. But he is not the main reason I am seeing this movie. I love all of Nolan's films and I'm a big fan of Kenneth, Tom and Cillian. It just happens to be a bonus that he's in this. So what if fans are happy he is? They have a right to be. It's his first big film. Just calm down and enjoy the fact that this will probably be a terrific masterpiece no matter who is in it.
Why did they make this film? They should have made one about El Alamein. Or the Falaise Pocket. Or how about the liberation of Paris? Or an updated film about the Battle of Britain?
Shame how this film is getting recognised for Harry styles instead of the fact that Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy are in it and C Nolan is the director
yall grown ass men saying youre only here for the movie and not harry styles and yet you're commenting about harry being in the movie and how he will attract screaming girls to watch a war film... oh how the irony hurts my brain...
Gay boys as cannon fodder. Once the west realized they were useless, they invented democracy.
I personally think that Harry deserves a more better role than this one ???????€? ......no hates for the trailer I loved the trailer but this was my opinion that Harry deserves more amazing roles
Harry better not fucking die in this ok ok
I feel like playing Battlefield 1
I made a rap about The Walking Dead
I won't prejudge this, I haven't seen it, but I'm a little disappointed. It looks like a run-of-the-mill war film...nothing really setting it a part or making it somewhat original like most of Nolan's films. It might be great, but I would have hoped for something more than another war film from him.
am I the only one who failed to notice the 1D kid and noticed Cillian Murphy instead ?
Christopher Nolan is an idol to me. I look up to him so much and I can not wait to see this movie. I didn't notice any boy band member in this but hopefully it will not discredit his work. Hopefully it only brings in more people to learn and be impacted but such an amazing director
This comment section gave me cancer
Casting doesn't matter when it comes to a Chirstopher Nolan, i guess he is the real hero of the movie and i am sure it will b far different from what he has directed yet.
"YES been waiting for this all my life. Just kidding, only the past 4 months. I can't wait for this to come out now. Nolan is my favourite director ?????€????????€???
 It looks like an action movie but based off the few scenes of what the men were doing, looks like a heart felt movie too. The planes looks awesome. Really hope they put in a little bit of some dog fights. That'll be cool af."
i never thought 11 yr old girls watch nolan films, unless they put some reallly famous pop star that only entertains 6th graders inside, oh wait...
christopher Nolan you beautiful bastard
HARRY DROWNS!!
I wanna see this movie! I loved Interstellar so...
Hunhun, je sens le film pro-britannique arriver encore. J'esp????re qu'ils n'oublieront pas de pr????ciser que c'est gr????ce ?? la 12 ????me division d'infanterie motoris???? fran????aise qu'ils ont pu s'????chapper ainsi qu'aux 35 000 soldats fran????ais qui sont rest???? jusqu'au dernier moment pour permettre l'????vacuation. J'????prouve une certaine aigreur ?? voir toujours les britannique et les am????ricains au devant de la sc????nes dans ces films historique, ?? croire qu'il n'y a que deux pays au monde. En gros pour r????sumer : Omelette du fromage
thank you Christopher Nolan :)
Historic fraud.
Everyone here be like omg harry styles. And i m here like ohh yeah my boy cilian murphy. Havent any of you watched Peaky Blinders?
Who cares if your here for Harry Styles or just the movie. Just enjoy the trailer man. No one wants to see negative comments. Let the people who are here for Harry Styles comment what they want or even see the movie just for him if they want. Either way the movie is going to make good money and get good views.
WHY THE FUCK DO YOU CARE? So what if everybody is here for Harry if you really like Christopher Nolan like all these people are for training or you really like the store you should be happy that all these young girls are going even if it's just for him they can still learn something and this guy still making money I swear people these days are so close-minded and never think about anything for more than a few seconds before getting enraged about absolutely nothing
my great grandfather was rescued off the beaches of Dunkirk
You fucks realize no teenage fangirls are going to see this movie, right?
I HATE EVERY TIME WHEN IT GOES BLACK, EVERY TIME...
Im not ready for this
Fuck
looks good
vessel domestic observer coach male brother coat.
Ugh yet another movie about WW2. I'll pass. Even if it's by Mr Nolan.
Am I a blind mofo or was that harry fucking styles?
"Did a Nolan movie really need a One Direction guy to get some attention?
 Idk. The movie looks great, tho. Good war movies are pretty rare.
 Have you guys seen '71 ? If you havent shut down youtube and see this right now."
Sooooo who came here just for Harry?
Oh My God! not every one direction fan is shallow and clueless about history. Yes harry is in this movie. But some of us actually enjoy learning about history and are excited to watch this story unfold. You people give us so much shit just for liking a fucking boy
I'm excited to watch this movie for two reasons it's part of my history and also Harry Styles is in it so......
For a sec i tho it was a video game wants to challenge bf1
I don't know why everyone is so butt hurt that One Direction fans are going to pay to go see this movie and support it JUST LIKE everyone else who wants to see the movie. You guys are accusing people of ruining the movie before anyone has had a chance to go out and watch it.. it's not even out yet... Y'all need to calm down.
Just google search Dunkirk if you don't know the history. If you ask on a Youtube comments section about it how do you think it's going to go? Maybe then some people will find out that it's not actually Battlefield 1 in real life...
Battlefield 1 film
"I got no chill. cant wait to see cillian ??????????????

 n yeah dont forget there's a harry styles.

 thank you Nolan ^^"
cant wait
"Types of people watching this movie...
 1. People who want to watch the movie
 2. Directioners"
No me maten a mi Hazza plox xD :'v
One Direction fans will have to decide if seeing Harry Styles in a movie is worth suffering through their least favorite activity...LEARNING ABOUT SOMETHING.
Finally! About time for Actor Harry Styles.
all i see in the comments are adults complaining about 13 year olds going to see the movie how about you just focus on the trailer lol
Another crappy Western Propaganda movie on WWII!! No wonder comic book movies are making a killing:):)
infowars.com
YEs new Nolan movie
MALAYSIA GANG WHERE R U
As always unnecessary comments here,,, as much as fan girls are annoying so are so called "mature" others
Now people can use "spoiler alerts" as a reason to not read their history book
Algum Br
Lol I dont know bout you, but I'm here cause of Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy. Sad to see it is just another one of those ww2 movies.
i wonder if harry styles 4 niples will have an impact on this story... ik is bout ww2 but it pry wont be crazy historical
????????????????????????????????
PORQU???€? MIERDAS HARRY SE AHOGA Y LOUIS NO VAAA?!
?????€????????????€?
At least by casting harry styles his fans will be introduced to good films.
subscribe to me if you want too see this movie
warships had no air defense systems?
I really hope Harry styles character dies just so we can see all the 14 year old girls cry that he died cause that's the only reason why they'll see this film. Crush their hearts Nolan
The evacuation at Dunkirk, civilians and military rushed to use any naval vessel(fishing boats to ferry's) to evacuate much of the doomed French army across the English channel
it will be a good story movie, but i never a fan of Nolan in making actions movie especially war movie, his movies are always less brutal and not depicting the real war.
muh holohoax
Well I'm here Because of Christopher Nolan but I am surprised to see Harry Styles... Come on it's better to concentrate on the essence of the movie.
Snap this looks like a great film. I cannot wait till it comes out...I love history, especially WW2.
Why are their 1k dislikes ....
HARRY YES
Very Very Nice ?????€????????€??? Am W8ing !! ????????
This movie is historically important !!! I've never heard of it before this and I am anxious to learn about it !! The cast looks great, I've seen some of this director's work, and it's fantastic. Harry will do a great job, in these clips that are shown it clearly showcases a serious role. The effects and acting look top-notch in this film. Give the guy a chance and understand that young girls wanting to learn about a historical event is not a bad or harmful thing. We are not shallow, nor stupid, nor immature. Harry looks good, he'll do a great job, the movie will be great. Just fuck off and accept it, and see it July 21st!
If you have seen any of Christopher Nolans movies you should know he's not going to cast a person without genuine talent. Smh you Harry Styles haters should know better.
People in the comments are hating on Harry styles and his fans and we're not saying anything. Just because he's a singer doesn't mean he can't act, give him a chance and then tell me what u think
"Okay I love harry but I actually really want to see this film and I freaking swear to God if
 a) everybody starts screaming when Harry is on screen
 or
 b) ya'll don't shut up and let me enjoy it when I go to see the film
 I will quite literally slap every single bitch in the theatre"
I only watched this because of harry.
Who is Harry Styles? ???????€?
Stuka
???????€?????????????????????????????? ???????????€?????????????????? ???????????? ????????????????????????????????????€????€? ????????????????????????€????????????????????? ???????€?????????????????????????? ???????€?????????????????? ?????????????????????????????.?????????????????????????????????????. ???€????????????????? ???????????????????€? ???? ???€????????????? !)
????????????????????????????? ????????????
Gore? Realism? People getting hit? Is this a Pg-13 war movie or what?
I know lots of us like to make fun of the French for being cowards and losing wars, but the truth is that they were key to saving the lives of those at Dunkirk. A lot of them fought until the ships were clear of the shore and were captured/killed for their efforts, truly incredible men.
I know very well that what happened at Dunkirk changed the history of WW2 and stopped the Allied forces from surrendering, but for some reason I'm not too excited about this. Maybe it's because I know that not much is going to happen. The movie will just be a lot of waiting.
Damn, people focusing on Harry when this movie contains A LOT more than that
"Bien, ser???? el ????nico comentario en espa????ol aqu????, pero es importante mencionar que el estereotipo de fan de 13 a????os es un estupidez, porque no puedes meter a toda la gente en un mismo costal. Es pura ignorancia.
 S????, hay fans que hace comentarios inadecuados, pero hay otras y otros que se toman todo esto con mucha seriedad, como debe de ser, y es una lastima que esas personas que respetan el trabajo de Nolan y que ha su vez son fans de Harry no reciban el respeto que se merecen. No todos son lo mismo. Las personas que generalizan deber????an crecer un poco, ellos parecen los ni????os aqui."
Don't go hating but is there actually a history behind Dunkirk? Based off the trailer it seems real but still not sure...
Damn this looks so EPIC.
Christopher Nolan, Kenneth Branagh and one of the most astounding military feats in history? HYYYYYPE!
"?????????????????€????????????€????????????????????
 Harry???€??€??????€??????????€??€?"
Oh yeah a teenage girl pop singer who has never acted before being casted to a movie about an important event in WW2.... good job
Germans Luftwaffe vs RAF Hurricane Mk1 ????????
EU > NA
perfect lol
YYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEES
I was just thinking (after purchasing more than $100 worth of EDT online) what if Nolan created fragrances after his movies? Memento... The new fragrance For Men. Insomnia. Inception. Dunkirk would just be a bottle of sand and all proceeds go to veterans...
Well, damn. I'm looking forward to this. These movies really show you the hell behind it. RIP to those who have the ultimate price.
Harry <3 <3 <3
were those me109s screaming like stukas?
HARRY STYLESSSSSS
lol grown men upset that harry's in the movie. just fucking ignore the girls and enjoy the damn movie without having to blame harry yall deluded
Instead of being pretentious why don't you guys just be happy about the fact that this teen pop star is going to bring in so much revenue for what looks like is going to be a great movie. Besides plenty of people may be coming with the sole intention of seeing Harry Styles on the big screen but you never know, they might come away enjoying the movie for its actual plot and learning something about its background.
Nolan's gonna get all the fangirls into the theater and then kill Harry's character in the beginning. That'd be swell!
I watch war movies and I really love it, I don't care whether y'all like it or not but Harry is in here and it makes me want to watch it even more. It's also from Nolan so fuck yes, it'll be epic.
Nolan stepping out of of his element
Disappointed no Inception bwaaaangs
DANG IT JUST WHEN I THOUGHT MY LOVE FOR HARRY STYLES WAS FINALLY OVER AND BAM
"hello every one
 Your video is very interesting and beautiful
 I also follow the directions like this
 you and everyone on your channel to view and comment on my
 thank you so much
 good luck"
watching it for A.Its a Christopher nolan movie and B. Hans Zimmer composed it yesssssssss and i hate the harry fans
I'm genuinely excited to see this movie. Yes, I know of this movie because of Harry but I'm excited to see if he's a good actor or not. Even my family wants to go see this movie, it seems like a really great movie and I hope it's as good as the trailer makes it out to be.
It's Nolan's Movie Bitch!! That's What Matters.. Harry style is just a part of it. ??????
"parts that will be conveniently ommited...

 https://www.google.co.in/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/uk/2000/nov/08/patrickwintour"
what a magnificent message behind the movie!
It's nice to see a movie about the earlier stages of the war. Most World War 2 movies focus on the later years when the Allies were winning.
Looking forward to see Killian Murphy. It looks really interesting. Don't give a damn about the One Direction guy.
it is battlefield 1 !!
This looks so good. Can't wait for it to come out
Bane put on the mask...
i can't stop watching this
HARRRRY
Battlefield 1..DLC ????????????????????????????????
can't wait y'all (and no not Bc Harry styles is in this but Bc it looks cool)
I love Christopher Nolan's films with that being said this looks like pure garbage boring as hell like the exact opposite of Saving Private Ryan....
who the fuck is harry styles? I guess im officially old
seriously these comments pissing me off, because yes we know Harry is in the movie, but some of us actually want to watch this even if Harry's in it. so stop hating 1D fans, cause I bet if your idol was in the movie you would be excited too.
Why does everyone think this is a world war one movie??? Are they that stupid?
Damn Nolan, back at it again with a classic.
My Battlefield 1 moments are triggered.
???????? ???€????? ???????????? ???????????????€????? ???????€?????????????????????????? ?????????????????????
My neighbor makes 7k a week doing....you know what, fuck. I'm killing myself.
Screw Harry Styles....I'd rather watch this movie for Mark Rylance
Every Christopher Nolan is great! Hope he continues of his Interstellar masterpeice
I swear if Harry dies I'm leaving the movie ???????€? I'm kidding looks pretty god damn amazing
???????€?????????????????????????????? ???????????€?????????????????? ???? ???€????????? ???????????? ????????????????????€? ???????€?????????????????????????? 2???????? ????????????????????????????? )))
"Brasil!!! quem viu o Harry sendo o Harry?
 (lindo, maravilhoso....)"
BATTLEFIELD 1 The Movie
Let's hope this doesn't turn into yet another WWII movie that completely demonizes the Germans. Nice to see one specifically about Operation Dynamo though.
HARRY HARRY HARRY
I would never watch a war movie and can honestly say I am only watching this for Harry Styles.
wow.. the Battlefield 1 sequel looks great!!!
13 Hours : The Secret Soldiers of Dunkirk ? No thanks !!
I JUST CAN'T !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OKAY I CAN AND I WILL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 20YEARS OLD AND STILL FANGIRLING LIKE HARRY JUST SAID NOW KISS ME YOU FOOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'M ACTUALLY DEAD.
MORE WORLD WAR 1 FILMS PLEASE!!!!
Am I a dead meme?
this is AMAZING??????
harry my son?????€??€?????????
really i'm just waiting to hear what Hans Zimmer holds for us in this film. Interstellar was beautiful let's hear this amazing piece.
help, if i have 1 stack of 250 pieces and i lost 3 every 5 seconds, how long will it take for 1 stack?
for those of you who dont remember the story behind Dunkirk go here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Dunkirk
HARRY IM CRYING ????????????????????????
Omfggg I'm so excited
Is that a cei riogotti at 1:32 or am I buzzed from bf1
Almost 500k views, 74k likes and is #1 on trending. #2 on trending has almost 2 million views, and 416k likes. Ok YouTube, not rigged at all.
Criss must stop working with Hans Zimmer, who composed very boring repetitive music !
Ever since dark knight rises, Nolan hasn't been the same.
I see Christopher Nolan and I click.
So excited! Finally another WWII film, and on something never covered in film that in aware of!
#1stOnTrending
These annoying sluts ruins everything "Omg Harry is here Omg!!!!" Just shut the fuck up
I don't think anything can top Interstellar but I'll watch anything Nolan makes. The man knows how to direct.
i am not rlly into war stuff but..i could literally spend the whole time fangirling abt harry styles???????€?
I absolutely love history of ww2 and I love Harry Styles. But whether or not he was in that movie, I still would have watched it because I have always loved these types of movies. It's just a bonus he's in there.
Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer , the cocktail i seek.
"The way I heard about this movie is because of Harry Styles, but I won't watch just because of him. Nolan is amazing, and I love war movies. Of course as a directioner I'm excited to see Harry act for the first time. I'm part of the fandom that doesn't only care about the 1D part of collaboration, but values all the great people part of it. Just because Harry is there doesn't mean I'll forget about the other great actors and the great story this movie is telling. And for those of you who are hating on the people who are here because they legitimately like the movie and Harry, go fuck yourself. Not all directioners value only 1D's talent.
 Sincerely,
 the perfectly fine part of the fandom"
Looks boring for a Nolan film.
I keep seeing people talk about Harry Styles, but I don't even see him in this trailer, where is he?
I don't get the plot can someone explain? And whys everyone so angry in the comment section lol
wow this looks great ;)
0:46, 1:38,1:52 baby??????
if u don't care about king Harry then why are yall so worked up just stfu we all know you will go abd watch and buy that movie with your feet over your head .
B-but Buch????ns Bf-109s don't have sirens!
I don't get why people are hating because some people are excited to seeing Harry Styles in this movie. Their aloud to get excited for so many reasons and one of them is because their idol is in a movie. So let them be.
Royal Air Force??????€?Spitfires were amazing planes.
1:48 I LIVE, I DIE, I LIVE AGAIN!
ok but harry is gunna die and im not ready
sad how we will never make movies parsing the Russians and there sacrifice during ww2. They lost 27 million all together, from troops the civilians. Sure Stalin was responsible for some of there deaths to and alot did nt have a choice, but none the less it was there efforts that won the war, not the wests.
wait so is this movie set in ww1 or 2 Cuz the British soilders have uniform from ww1 and those planes are only used in the ww1 era
can't wait to see
"Just a cut scene of Tom hardy??
 need more of that brat !!!!"
verry good.
Subscribe to our channel
harry styles
**Damn, it's a little late, but My God this Battlefield 1 Trailer looks so fucking real!**
Hope this one doesn't disappoint me like interstellar did.
This looks like its gonna be really good.
Lovin' the Battlefieled 1 DLC
People in the comments talking about Harry Styles, while I'm here just grateful for a new Christopher Nolan film, that is blessed with the presence of Tom Hardy.
"Hope is a weapon" which means Superman will save the day
I have complete faith in Nolan and will not judge his choice of Harry Styles until I watch this film.
Christopher Nolan brought me here.
The thumbnail looked like Battlefield 1
Desde que aparecio Battlefield 1 casi siempre veo algo relacionado con la primera guerra mundial.Hasta Wonder Woman esta situada en la WW1.
soo basically man of steel but battlefield 1?
100 likes and i'll post a video of me eating cereal
People complaining about Harry Styles but it's a Nolan film so if he gas faith I'm certainly not questioning Christopher Nolans opinion
K.
This is hella intense
Pretty bad that Harry is my only reason to watch this. Oops :)
If this movie does good, based off a true story, and if Harry has great acting. He can easily win an Oscar for sure
no wonder if this movie have more girls audience than man did.. im one of that girls hands down
Since it's a Christopher Nolan film, it would be cool if they skipped the modern-day trailer cliches of fade from black, show a shot, fade to black, fade from black, show a shot, cut to black, etc.
esta poha nem legendada em portugu????s est???? cm est???? nos top do YouTube Brasil???
if you are actually interested in the plot of the movie, or can keep calm when Harry Styles is in the frame go watch it in theatres. if you cannot contain yourself and might ruin it for others, just wait for the blu ray version to come out. either way you get to support the cast and crew by buying tickets or a hard copy.
???????????????????????? ???????????????????????????? ???? ???????????????? ???????????? ....
I loved Hacksaw Ridge, will this be similar?
This is gonna be hella popular because all young girls are gonna beg their parents to take them to this movie to get a glimpse of Harry
Harrehhhhh
Was that harry styles? I am so confused.
Calm the hell down. Most of you guys are complaining about us directioners ruining your movie experience and having no respect for historic events and some of you don't even take the time to THINK about what you're typing into this comment section. Allot of the fans excessively gushing over Harry and stuff are most likely younger girls that got excited because they their idol in a movie trailer, most of them are CHILDREN and most of the people complaining about them are FULL GROWN ADULTS. Most of you worrying about the future of this film and what kind of audience it's gonna get are so passionate about it, I get that, but telling these other people to 'kill themselves' 'FUCK off' isn't helping anything you're trying to achieve. If want this film to gain respect for the story it's trying to tell instead of being that one movie that one celebrity came out in, then maybe you should at least act like you have some decency and behave like the damn adults you are.
holy fuck who cares if people heard about or will go see it because of harry. their his fans and they support him. and theyre also still gonna watch the film and still probably learn something. good for you that you found the movie just randomly or you just like war movies but damn. ik im a salty bitch but yall are some salty ass bitches too. and not all of his fans are 12. year old lil fangirls damn. yea i am a lil butthurt cause people bitchin just cause the girls wanna support him
The spitfire and the BF109 look epic
YoOoO, shout outs from Western NY! :B
Battlefield 1 hype......#deepbreathe
If anyone can help me out trying to afford Christmas presents for all my family and struggling with money currently so if there's anyone out there that's kind enough here's the link https://paypal.me/hkarson
This is why I love movies.
Who gives a fck if the trailer is good or not. Its nolan movie for godsake
The second I saw Christopher Nolan, I was already gonna watch it. Overall looks like it could be good.
I don't give a fuck about Harry Styles I just am fascinated by world war 2 and I love Christopher Nolan movies
that shot of Tom Hardy at 1:47 made me more hyped than anything else
Fuck, can't even make it past the first page of the comments. So much cancer.
HYPE!
epic anniversary gift video on my channel!!!
Who else screamed every time harry was on screen ??
Wow the first ww2 movie in a while to mention Canada lol
The soundtrack is again gonna be a blast!!
What about Eastern front??? Only America and England fight against Germany???
i see i see ?????????????????? i can see harry styles ??????????????????
The Germans chased us, simple.
I don't like war movies so..
Mistura de "O Resgate do Soldado Ryan" com "Pearl Harbor o Filme" , esse eu quero ver em!?
yes
What is wrong with you? Harry's fans can watch this movie just because he's in the movie and nothing will change in your life. Stop sending hate to Harry while you talk about how he sucks he is earn millions and know that he is better than ever that you will be. Go search something to do. I'm going to watch this movie because I like the story and also because of Harry. Now I want to know what is the problem ? It's so bad to know that a 22 year old guy has so many girls at his power, right? If not what would be the problem of several screaming fans in the movies? THEY WILL PAY FOR THAT!
???????????????????? ???????? ???????????????????????€? ???????????????€????????????????€????? ???€????????????????? ???????? ???????????????????????????????? ???????????????€????????€????????????? ???€?????????????????€?????! ???????€????? ???????????€? ???€????€????? ???€????????€?
"The counters at 452,729
 youtube :/"
I can't wait to see all the Harry Styles fans go and see this and get traumatized
"Why wait for summer 2017 when you can just search ""aleppo massacre"" which is happening now, much more cruel and more blood....

 Save aleppo?????€??€??????€??€?"
Battlefield 1: The Movie
where the asians, hispanics and blacks ??? this movie is racist!
Mostly harry style comments ?????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€? ... you've been warned
Why would nolan direct such a movie?
bro I love historical war based movies, and this one seems like it's going to be a good one?????€????????€????????€???. But I guess I'll have to wait 6 FREAKING MONTHS FOR IT, WHY DO YOU HAVE TO DO ME LIKE THIS WARNER BROS DO YOU THINK I HAVE THAT MUCH LIFE AHEAD OF ME.?????€?????????€???????????€?
i love to watch nazis die
Not sure what it's about but can't wait to see Harry Styles in the movie. So pumped. This movie is going to be lit lmao.
I can't wait :D
had to double check....yup thats Harry Styles
Whatttt a historical british movie that benedict cumberbatch isnt in? How weird
Nolan <3 Can't wait for this.
harryyyyy <3
I swear if this is PG-13 I might have a fit
Is that Harry Styles I just saw???
Oh Hallo there. Just planning the movement of my Panzer Divisions
Que act????e para after
Another Nolan brilliance coming up......
Cillian!!
esta peliculo solo se hara famosa por Harry???????€????????€????????€?
no need
Does anyone know what song(s) are used?
100$ harry will die
I don't care what some people are saying about Harry and throwing him shade using stupid excuses like the movie is gonna suck because of screaming girls ???????€? so immature as if that is going to really happen he is going to kill it in this movie mark my words actor Harry is rising and is going to enter hollywood like a champ Christopher Nolan as a great director trusted him to play a role in this movie with a great story i can't believe he is going to share the big screen with actors like Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy what an honor ???????? oh yes and I'm a fan of Harry because of 1d and I'm 19 to all that ones saying they just have 13 year old girls as fans ???????€?
"Battlefield 1"
It would mean a lot to me if I got 100 subscribers. Thank you
Looks fresh, different and intense than other WWII movies I have seen!
If you can see every action has an emotion deep with it... Batman from Gotham, Joker from chaos,War from home!!!...every Emotion gives us what they are!?,How they were!?....And Dunkirk I think, is perfect(one of) example of how the Hope for home resulted in the most disastrous war in the human history!!!... Because #christopherNolan is a perfectionist in them!!
early world war ll? or l? I can't tell by the trailer. but really really excited to see it. Also seeing harry of the stage and into the big screens will be interesting. I just hope when I go to see it people wont scream when they see harry because that's just disrespectful. I mean I LOVE harry and I've been a directioner for 5 years, and being excited to see him is great. I don't get why people are over reacting because people want to see him in film. but..its disrespectful to the producers and actors who deserve attention as Well.. Just enjoy the movie as a whole. I'm super excited ????????
Im not just gonna watch this because of harry styles yes that helped into helping me want to see the retailer but now I'm genuinely interested in it.
Yes!!:)
YO IM SO FRIKIN EXCITED FOR HARRY JESUS THERES NO OTHER REASON FOR ME TO GO TBH
plz release the movie in India....???????€????????€????????€?
"Hans Zimmer will be the primary reason for me watching this film.

 Can already anticipate a kick ass score \^^/"
Who's this 'Harry Style' guy everyone keeps talking about?
I find it pretty disturbing yet sadly?? not surprising at how many people don't even know what Dunkirk is or was. Just goes to show how little history is taught or?? anyone knows anymore.
Fuk
this is becsuse of battlefield 1
My body is ready for Christopher Nolan
looks boring Chris
This movie is basically people getting shot by a helicopter over and over
I FEEL LIKE I'VE BEEN PUTTING OUT QUALITY CONTENT BUT NOBODY'S WATCHING????????????????. CAN Y'ALL CHECK US OUT AND PROVIDE SOME FEEDBACK?
Awesome
Duncock
Smart move Christopher Nolan did casting Harry Styles. This film is sure to rank in ALOT of money and skyrocket with box office sales...All the "Directioners" are gonna go batshit crazy when this movie comes out
It looks pretty damn good?????€????????€????????€??? and Harry Styles is cute too, glad he became an actor! It suits him better
this movie looks so good. and I've been a fan of one direction for 5 years and I'm glad to see Harold in the movie. but I'm also excited to watch it in general. this trailer is amazing ????????
2017 is going to be Epic
Another Christopher Nolan classic
I'm here for Harry
nolan shites it again
You can't have a movie about Dunkirk without the French.
What is the song used in the second half???? its amazing
Oh wow, this movie looks pretty go- Wait. are those... spitfires? in dunkirk?
Okay but all fan-girling aside, this film will make me cry because this happened. People experienced this terror and Christopher Nolan can capture that..
Just imagine all of the 10 year old girls sneaking into the local theater just to see Harry Styles.. It's glorious! XD
Why is there so much hate on harry? I personally love him but im not just here because hes in some, im here because this looks like a damn good movie, everyone has their opinions but dont trash it because of harry, also dont say he shouldnt act , in fact he is great at acting . Give the kid a chance .
After watching "Hacksaw Ridge", this one looks tamed and boring in comparison. I hope the next trailer shows something more exciting.
Can we get a WW2 film from the German perspective? Please?
Epic music
Looks really generic.
This movie is about 2 rather large hairy lesbians who are both on their periods and are fighting over left chinese food from the night before. You're welcome.
Christopher Nolan Has done it again Looks #EPIC following my inspiration to my dream job #PROUD TO BE BRITISH! ?????€?????????
"I wanted to check out more movies from Christopher Nolan because this seems rad as hell.
 But then I realised I've already seen his work, and loved it.
 We're in for a treat, lads."
quem veio so por causa do harry kkkkklll euuuu
Captain Von Luke! Where are you
harry divo ????????????????????????
HARRY ????????????????????????
cillian murphy + tom hardy...this is gonna be a great movie!!
a war movie with a lot of killing, but no blood. k
m going for nolan and tom hardy :P
"wrong sound file for a bf109.
 the stukas were the ones that made the screaming trumpet sound."
Thomas Shelby, veteran of both WW1 and WW2
solo Estoy aca Por Harry :v
God I love war films this is going to be amazing
Christopher Nolan is all I need for this movie! Just take my money!
vai brazilian
It's Christopher Nolan with his fav, amazing actors! It's gonna be amazingg
This fag better do justice for the MEN who died and fought for what they believed in on both sides of the war.
harry was drowning im so sad???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€??????????????????
when harry dies im gonna cry so fucking hard
Send these racist son of a bitches to hell. Holla!
HAARRRRYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND CHRISTOPHER NOLAN!!!!!!!! WHAT ELSE CAN WE ASK FOR!!!!!
All Hail Mr. Christopher Nolan. He has done it again ?????€???
this movie is nothing else than propaganda
Back when the Brits weren't a bunch of liberal pussies.
Dunkirk was a major defeat for the British.
Battlefield 1 the movie
Aguante Harry loco!!!
"Gosh! People are salted AF.

 If you are gonna watch it because of Harry GOOD FOR YOU
 If you are gonna watch it cause' you like WW2 GOOD FOR YOU
 If you are NOT gonna watch it GOOD. FOR. YOU.
 and stop sying all 1D fans are 10 year olds. Last time I checked I was 17."
"My God, this comment section.

 ""Is this World War I?""

 ""Did this actually happen?""

 ""What's going on?"""
This Actually looks really good for an action movie
HARRY STYLES LOOKS SO GOOD OMFG
is the french army not going to get any love in this movie because they really saved the Brits asses and put up one hell of a defensive, also they didn't stop the tanks because they wanted, the crews were exhausted and the tanks them selves were bogged down in the mud
The Haxan Cloak
HARRY MY BABY ARE YOU OK
Anyone know the song in this trailer?
To the girls that only came to see Harry Styles?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€???
wait... tom hardy's character commits suicide by walking into the ocean?
se for tipo interestelar bem complexo eu assisto
OMG I SAW HARRY TWICE AND I FREAKED OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!
"THIS IS A RANT ABOUT THE HATE FOR HARRY STYLES AND HIS FANS

 People hating on the movie because of Harry Styles and hating Harry in general saying it's idiotic making him a part of the movie is just so below the belt. This is Harry's first acting career which by the way is acceptable in the film industry. A lot of singers also had their shine in the film industry. I don't understand why you keep judging him because he's a singer? And now you also attack the fans for their decision to watch the movie because of Harry... you say they're pathetic because they don't even know a single thing about the war? Well to be clear, this movie also caters audiences who don't know about the war---which will help them know what happened back then. You're making it seem like fans don't have the right to watch the film because they don't know anything about the war. Come on people, let the fans and Harry Styles live."
This looks like a good movie
Battlefield 1 vai ter filme? Ah,n????o...pera.
Oh great, now Dunkirk is hot. BBC started this a few years ago when they put Benedict Cumberbatch in that documentary. Now we get CGI Hollywood fangirl garbage. And we will have to listen to dumb-as-rocks millennials pretending they know about WW2 because they watched a movie. God save us.
peaky blinders season 4 NOW
I thought Thomas Shelby fought in the Trenches
Hey guys, I'm really small time right now if you could help me get to 50 subs by Friday that would be awesome!
Harry will be less time in this movie than Whoariana Grande in Scream Queens
"1:12
 Roll credits!"
damn i was hoping it was going to be a war atcion movie not a drama
What the hell!! isn't Harry styles is in leading role!!
The background score from 1:28 to 1:58. <3 \m/ Nolan \m/ Zimmer \m/
Nolan is back but I hope it's not going to be brain sex movie like interstellar and inception...???????€????????€????????€????????€?
spitfires are trashhh FOCKE WULFS >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Cried at the drowning seen of Harry....anyone else?
not sure what this movie is about its just a bunch or people going from boats to the water back to boats back to water then some how into cities
I'm very surprised this is being released during the summer because it could easily be an Oscar contender if the movie is as good as it looks..
I didn't realise Harry Styles was in this until I read the comments
What a great idea! bring a overrated artist to make 13 old girls go to watch the movie....
it looks stale trailer to me, :(
I hope Harry Styles' acting is at least descent...,
For fuck sake now i have to watch the trailer again cuz i did not see where the fuck Harry styles is in this
"#Dunkirk will make $1bn...
 reason 1. Its a Christopher Nolan movie= $500mil
 2.Harry Styles' in it so $10 a ticket ???€? 50mil 13 yr old girl(who won't understand a damn thing)=$500mil"
IM SO PROUD
If I can get 1,000,000 likes I'll slap my teacher and not post it
HES SO PRETTY UGH IM CRYING
0/10 no Tamatoa
everybody talking about this Harry styles guy but I'm over here happy as fuck that Tom hardy is in this movie.
1:48 Tom Hardy?
Tell me that was Tom Hardy as Pilot.
"Excited to see this movie! Not many people know about this and hopefully this will educate and show people what went on during this time.
 Also congratulations to Harry Styles on making his big acting debut!"
Omg Harry looks so good in here
fuck this im watchin bruno mars karaokie
I swear if there is no mention of the French sacrifice made so those brits could get out I will be furious. The only reason they were able to evacuate so many men is because the French fought to the end defending the rear.
Harry muere ahogado?
Who the fuck is Harry Styles and what is he doing in a Nolan film?
Sweet, looking forward to this tbh.
I'm so excited!!!
PLEASE DONT DO THIS I DONT WANT TO HAVE TO DIE
All Life Is Precious.
I want to see it now
Is this movie about Brexit?
Dunkirk was a huge mistake made by British and French leaders and offices. The soldiers who survived were heros, but definitely not the leaders from British and French government
boom beach
next battlefield
Does anyone know how big of a role Harry Styles is going to play. How big it is isn't going to stop me from watching the movie. Just curious.
what was the real life event that happened in this movie?
harry cute as hell?????????????€???????????
not gonna be good didn't see t34
feminist's don't realize that what men contributed for their country.
Babbbbbyyyy
ily harry
Made by Christopher Nolan, oh you know it will be good.
ze evil germans again. so boring.
I'm supposed to be playing Game of War but this one player keeps kicking my ass.
This looks incredibly passable, wouldn't be interested if I didn't know it was Nolan. Also more Tom Hardy? please?
I'm so proud of Harry ????????????????????
Men are heroes
This movie is a little too white if you ask me. Where are the Tuskegee Airmen?
First a moment I thought it was from the German perspective. Soo unbelievably disappointed.
LOOKS TERRIBLE, VIETNAM DIDN'T LOOK ANYTHING LIKE THAT
"Don't press read more



 Sub or your mom dies"
I don't know what's happening in the trailer, but Nolan is a genius and I am excited.
aposto 1 like, que voc???? TA LENDO esse coment????rio sem prestar aten????????o no v????deo
Harry????????????????
Another shithole movie that has absolutely NOTHING to do with what actually happened on that day.
???????????€????€????? 12 ???€????€????????????€? ???????????????????????????€?????????????????????? ???? ???????????????????????????????€????? ???????? ???? ????????????...
i want harry to fucking kill me
everyone who criticizes harry when he has done nothing wrong can go die thank you!! <3
"me: Harry better be in this trailer!
 also me: stay calm and don't scream, it's just a trailer"
Its actually kind of funny how people are reacting so angry with Harry Styles???? fans, I mean they are saying they are "fucking ignorant teenagers that should focus on the history" but they focus on them, whats the need of being rude to someone who is trying to support their idol? They are just excited because its his first appearance on something after One Direction AND is debut as an actor, there is no need of hate or saying he is a bad actor and was chosen for promotion, I think Nolan is professional enough to do something like that, he got casted, and he won a role, thats it, its not that complicated. And saying things like "go kill yourself" are childish and ignorant, and thats what they are complaining about? I mean what the actual fuck?! ITS. JUST. A. MOVIE. why can't some people understand that? there are plenty of other movies about the Second World War but you just come here to this one because lest face it, most of the ones that are offending wouldn't care as much about the movie if Styles wasn't in it, its sad that they are just looking for someone to be mean to. Don't do it. You just make yourself look bad, nobody likes a hater.
"My mouth salivates at this
 Academy Award Best Picture: Dunkirk
 Academy Award Best Director: Christopher Nolan
 Academy Award Best Supporting Actor: Tom Hardy
 Academy Award Best Score: Hans Zimmer"
Algu????m do Brasil aqui?
this movie looks soo good! I'm here bcs of Harry yes, but also for the story behind can't wait to watch it. Nolan, as per usual, is going to amaze with this movie, I'm already excited!!
Here is the bee movie
is this harry style?
It's not that Harry Styles can't or shouldn't act - he'll probably be great. He's also probably a very nice guy. But, It's that he's walked into a (breathtaking) blockbuster from arguably the greatest director of our generation - alongside the likes of Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy and Mark Rylance with no prior experience. There are talented, dedicated actors everywhere that would dream of a role of any size in a Nolan film. He doesn't deserve his place in this film, and he'll drag his immature, philistine fans along with him.
Sorry but this movie does not appeal to me right now the trailer is showing repetition rather than a story. I don't think I'll be watching this one Mr. Nolan well get em next time
OK Besides the fact that harry is in this in am seriously excited to see this movie it looks good af
Starring.... all the actors from Batman lol
?????????
battle field 1 the movie
Is this world war 1 or 2?
War is hell. Everyone who claims hitler was a genius is a completed idiot. He has the chance to crush the entire British expeditionary force but held back because of a grudge he had with his general. Great to see another movie by the legend Nolan
Like my Comment for Nolan
I am a Harry styles fan. But I genuinely enjoy war movies. And this shit will be lit. Does that put me in the boat with the ' dumb 13 year olds??' Because.... ????????€?
0:13 did anyone realize that the Union Jack is wrong?
exciting trailer
AHGGGGGGGG
Glad to know harry styles in this movie.
Subscribe to my channel or you will die in one minute
I don't care about the one direction kid, i'm just here because it's a Nolan Movie
IT LOOKS AMAZING
song at the end?
Anyone else thought this was a bf1 video from the thumbnail lol
it's a miracle. An original idea for a movie that's not based on an existing franchise!
I can't wait for this movie, it actually looks historically accurate!
why is this #1 on trending?
Who is Harry Styles?
I'm supposed to be playing game of war but this one player keeps kicking my ass
exCUSE FUCKING ME HARRY, U BETTER BE IN THAT DAMNN AFTER MOVIE OR IMMA FIGHT THE SHITT OUTTA YOU
Who the fuck is Harry Styles ?
Ugh Just because I'm a teenage girl and Directoner, I bet if I go into the Cinema to watch this movie people will assume it's cos Harry's in it. I am and would be exited to watch the movie regardless of Styles making an appearance. Him being in it is a bonus(esp. during the hiatus)
reminds me of band of brothers
"To all OneD fans - I see lots of comments confused at the ""hate"" you guys are getting in the comments, at why you're not being respected and people seem annoyed at you. Well, guess what - they're annoyed because this movie is about a heck of a lot more than one little teen pop star, and not only does his presence appear to be distracting from an honest discussion of the merits of the trailer's filmmaking and acting, it also seems to be over-shadowing absolutely everything else about it, including the most important aspect, which is the historical importance of the film. The fact that One Direction fans are calling other commenters ""hurt and triggered"" and saying the movie's profit will be because of him is pretty rich, and it is exactly what pisses people off, because it is arrogant and hypocritical. Your fan base is capable of some of the most 'hurt and triggered' behaviour out there - you are the ones who sob when a member leaves your favourite band, so until you guys prove that you have enough collective maturity to actually respect a film like this because you want to find out about a true historical story of bravery and loss, rather than weep over the new hair style of your crush in his few scenes, then shall you be given an iota of respect, and not before.
 I am a millennial too, and I do not endorse all the crap thrown at millennials - I think we work hard in a society which is against us like never before with an atrocious job and housing market, but the reason millennials get shit on is the prominence of people like the One Direction fans. I don't despise that you have your teen idols - what I and others despise is that with that can come a massive amount of vapid shallowness, a lack of intelligent knowledge of and interest in the world around you and its history. The world is about SO much more than the Kardashians and Harry Styles - it is about sacrifice, and loss, and suffering, and bravery, and hope, and you need to grow up and participate in those things. Get off of twitter and facebook, and spend some time each night reading a good novel that you'll enjoy, but one with some historical substance. Not only will your brain grow and your grades improve, but you will become a better, more well-rounded person because you will LEARN and you will THINK!
 Have your fun, listen to your favourite band and enjoy it, but know that the reason you are living in a free world is because of brave men like the ones in the Dunkirk trailer, know that you owe them your respect, and know that if you are ever going to get that same respect from the rest of the world that you too will have to grow up, be smart, and demonstrate to everyone that you are more than a shallow young girl obsessed with twitter. Be more, think more.
 You are better than the standards which have been set for you, and you need to recognize and embrace that maturity, intelligence, and understanding to be able to ever get the respect that you seem to crave. Until then, and justly so, you will be looked upon as a shallow fan of a shallow band."
0:48 ????????????
HARRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Based on the sound quality of this trailer, I'm gonna see this movie.
Wait why are there so many harry styles comments was he in this or something????????€?
Why are people getting so riled up about this Harry kid? The lad deserves to get some chance in movies as well. He can't keep fighting Voldemort his whole life you know.
SOMEONE SAVE MY BABY HE'S DROWING
tbh I think Nolan is a moron for picking Harry Styles to be part of a serious movie. Why didn't he also bring in Kanye West to play as the human shield?
"Yes this is the movie Pearl Harbor, just changed the name. And the essence of the film is not changed.

 ???€????? ???????€????? ???????? ???€????????????????? ????????????????? ???€???????????????????????,???€????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????. ???? ???????????€????? ???€????????????????????? ???????? ????????????????????????????????????????."
I don't wanna spoil the ending but the Hermann G????ring killes Harry.
why the fuck can't I subscribe to myself? is it because... maybe... i'll figure it out I'm a muthafuckin genius... perhaps... I think... this sum bullshit how will I know when I upload a new video if I can't subscribe to myself??? it's like i'll never know what I do.
when you 1d af and nolan af so you be like what the fuck...
Harry
Aaai meeu Deus! Orgulho do meu nen???? Hazza??????????????????
im no history major. but wwll planes, with wwl uniforms? is there something i don't know
I really hope that this filme has the realistic combat and gore as saving private ryan and band of brothers Lets hope this movie brings back the ww2 saga to hollywood continuing the historical accuracy and practical effects
YALL IM SO EXCITED FOR TBIS
So if a whole movie can be made about this I'm guessing some serious shit went down when trying to evacuate dunkirk?
Nolan and Hans Zimmer - legends in action
?????€??€??????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???
I swear to god if Tommy dies I will leave the theater
Fucking annoying. Teenagers who probably have no fucking clue who Christopher Nolan is, or what the movie is about but are going to be screaming in the fucking cinema every time Harry shows up.
Battlefield 1 The Movie
Anybody hip hop fans ?????€????? Check out my first music video.
People who are criticizing Harry and his fans.. stfu.. we've seen this guy grow up and we've been his fan for 6 fucking years and we are just excited because it's a new thing he is doing.. so I'm not really sorry that our idol is so talented that you can't tolerate him or his fans..
Thank God Finally!
???????????????????????? ???????€?????????????????????????????????? ???€?????????????????????????€????????????? ?)))
I'm jealous of everyone in those theatres that when they watch Rogue One in IMAX, that they will get to watch 7 mins of Dunkirk first. It looks really awesome.
I seem to be the only one who doesn't know this, but who the fuck is Harry Styles?
Why are people hating on EVERYTHING?!? Just calm down everyone. There are tons of people who are just watching this because of Harry, yes. But also, others have to respect the love that millions of people have for Harry Edward Styles. They are just trying to support their idol. There are married couples who love him and One Direction. Old people love One Direction. Not just little girls. Not just teens. But elders and grown ups too. I've gone to one of their concerts and it was amazing. Sooo many fans. Billions of people. And yes. I do agree that the movie isn't just about Harry, but also for the meaning behind all of it. And I do have to give credit to all the cast, producers, directors, etc. There is no shame in screaming in excitement. Although there might be people who disagree with me and say that it annoys them. Well yeah. It might. But let's just respect each other please? The world needs peace and respect. ?????€????
1:31 is this where they used the cardboard cutouts of soldiers?
MI NI???€?O
HARRRYYYYY6
This is gonna be huge
Omg! Harry is so talented .. Give him an Oscar , give him my ass also so he can bang me . Gay motherfucker.
Just WOW!
I'm sorry.... but who the fuck is Harry Styles?
HI PEOPLE
If you are here purely for Harry, please leave this video immediately and rethink your life.
I can't wait for this to release!! Looks amazing
I m gonna watch this only coz of Nolan.
Harry Styles gonna die (Spoiler) my cousin is production team member, and I asked him to tell me something about it, so he said 1D fans will be crying at the end, so I think we can figure out, what's gonna happen.
one of my fav directors with one of my fav artists. i am looking forward to this so much !
let's hope harry styles dies in this movie sooner.
Hey everyone! Im a small youtuber who makes videos with Tanner Fox, Jake Angeles and one day Tanner Braungardt! Ill sub back to anyone that subs to me and likes this comment! Help me get to 3k!! 50 subs away!!
Spoiler: it was just a dream, and the enemy planes are actually their future selves trying to wake them up.
They don't even have the planes right a messerschmitt is being used in the trailer using a stuka dive bomber siren lol
Damn why do people hate harry so much?What did he do?
How on this earth am I suppose to handle seeing my baby drowning? I will drown myself in my own tears if he dies....
How the fuck did harry styles get to be in this movie?!!!! Do they see him as an actor???
Nolan and Naughty Dog is the definition of quality.
this looks like its going to be fucking emotional as hell
???€?????????????? ???????????? ???????????????????? ????????????
Battlefield live action movie looks awesome
what a stupid mistake by the Germans.
algu????m me explica porque est???? em alta
Huh?
Yasssss ???????????????????????? it looks so good!!!!
"It's rumored that in order to capture a realistic take on the event, Nolan invaded France.
 Got to love those practical effects."
"what sucks is that im genuinely excited to see this movie because i love learning about ww2 and my late grandfather loved ww2 but since im a teenage girl, if i see it in theaters, people will think im there for harry styles..

 i think ill wait for dvd :/"
why are y'all hating on the directioners? you should be thanking us bc we made this movie hype ????????
Harry!!!!!????????????????????????????????
#UmbandBoa. Conhe????a este canal ?????????????????
"Every Harry styles fans will look back in 5 years and think ""Why did I even like this guy?""

 I guess every teenager goes through that phase so we should accept it, but if you're a teenager reading, trust me you know nothing. You know nothing about yourself.your tastes in life haven't fully developed. You'll look back at your clothes and think ""what was I thinking"" . You'll look back at dumb things you say and feel stupid and you'll look back at one direction and realise they're just a cowell money making corporate machine."
"""We have a job to do.""
 The British were always persistent bastards. Respect from Canada.
 ""Keep calm, carry on."""
Christopher Nolan is the most overrated director of our generation.
Likes ac???? si veniste por Harry???????€??????????????€??€?
I don't understand the plot
Harry Styles is from one direction. There is no Michael Caine
I'm seeing this and the ONLY REASON IS because my Boo Harry Styles is in it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THEI BETTER WIN AN OSCAR
when you just want to support the film and be happy for yah fave,,,,,,but niggas cant even let you have that!
I better not be judged if I cry in the theater
Aye wait til the Peaky Blinders get a hold of this
????????Harry styles?????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€???
The fan girls will be exposed to new things. This is good guys.
finally a ww2 movie that wont be shit.
We've waited for so long and yass we are are crazy and we're proud HARRY YOU NAILED IT ALREADY
Nossaaaaaaa... Quero assistir!
Just so proud of harry styles. Thank you Nolan
"It's been years since I've listened to One Direction, but I've loved history since elementary. So, I????????m going to watch it for the history, Christopher Nolan and to see how good Harry Styles's acting really is, lmao. If a fangirl starts screaming in the theater though, best believe we fighting!
 (The soundtrack is gonna be amazing, oh my fuck.)"
BITCHHHHH IM NOT READY, ITS COMING OUT IN THEATRES THE DAY I SAW ONE DIRECTION LIVE IN EDMONTON FUCK MY LIFE.
HARRY!!!!!! HARRY STYLES!!!!!!????????????????????????????????????
I wonder if Hollywood is ever to make a movie about the Korean war
I'm so excited about Harry's acting debut. I'm sure he'll be amazing in the film. The trailer for this movie is so amazing. It scared me for a minute though, heh.
This movie looks really good and although I'm a huge Harry fan I really don't like war movies. So nope, I ain't going to watch it xD
brits such scums, not only terrible fighters but also traitors, genociders, nazi, commuism, ak qaeda and isis supporters. they deserve all worst
considering that this is one of the few movies that shows the war before America entered it I think it's going to be educating
uhm im a huge one direction fan and i didnt even notice harry styles was in it until after i watched this three times and read the comments
Fuck your comments if they include Harry Styles
I watched the trailer and saw the comments...which one is harry styles honestly I didnt even notice he was there
it's not just because im harry fan, but damn LOOK AT THIS TRAILER, THIS ITS GOING TO BE EPIC, so stop just talking about harry and actually enjoy the movie and the others actors ;-)
A movie with whole assortment of fantastic actors with wonderful credentials. Yet all everyone wants to talk about is harry fucking styles, fucking morons all of you.
is it the legend27
I love Harry but I'll scream in silence when I see him???????€????????€????????€? but if he dies, y'all better cover your ears???????€?
"Ok so...

 who dafudge is this harry styles I keep on seeing in the comments section

 I read the comments to see reactions to the trailer not..

 what?"
In Nolan we trust
Just so you know, Harry Styles' fans are capable of being functional humans and know not to scream in movie theaters. This isn't a concert, I think they know not to scream. And I would know some of our maturity level, as I am a fan. So stop generalizing all of his fans to be immature, loud, obnoxious 13 year olds because some of us aren't and can behave ourselves. It's a shame that some people have ruined it for us. Thank you.
LITERALLY NO ONE ASKED IF ANY OF YOU LIKED HARRY STYLES OR NOT. SHUT THE FUCK UP AND WATCH THE DAMN TRAILER.
who is in the movie?
ANOTHER FUCKING WORLD WAR MOVIE. ugggghhhhhhhhhhh to Americans, thats the only fucking historical event ever happened. Bitch bye.
Ugh seriously, stop being so goddamn immature please, it's annoying, you know who i'm talking about.. ???????€?
Make a movie about Simo Hayha or Jack Churchill, real life one man-armies.
Looks great! Glad christopher nolan decided to widen his range as a filmmaker instead of sticking with his sci-fi greatness. When I heard that harry styles was going to be in this I was thrown off because I never would've thought to have seen him (of all people) in a nolan film, granted I am not going to let his "star power" ruin this film for me, if he ends up being great in the film more power to the guy. Nolan clearly saw something from him to put him in the movie.
Summer 2017 damn along time , I guess they'll have to wait for the 2018 Oscar to get nominated .
Oooooh God I Wan't Screaaaaaam ahhhhhh
Veteran grand historical sweet aspect broad.
nolan makes a war movie. hmm. this is gonna be amazing trailer is amazing big hopes for this movie.
You know it's gonna be good when it's Christopher Nolan
TBH, it doesn't matter, whether Harry is in the movie, the movie is going to make millions either way, sooooo honestly, get over it. IT DOESN'T MATTER.
ww2 ASMR?
what is that a Canadian flag! along side other allied forces! will this movie be somewhat historically accurate!? woot woot
name of this masterpiece???!!! 1:28
boring....pass!
Wait, Harry Styles is in this movie? Which one is he?
everybody calm down if it's Harry Styles or that guy from Harry Potter doesn't matter it's a movie about the evacuation of Dunkirk it's a World War II movie
"Really? A movie about evacuation? I wonder how it ends.

 I wish the Brits would film the British oppression that fomented world instability."
Looks great, but the trailer was a bit underwhelming for me.
Whats different Between IMAX and regular? BC we don't have a Cinema theater =|
Looks alright.
No one is actually gonna fucking scream chill out we're all just cheering on our boy cause we're proud of him!! Nothing wrong with that. But seriously I don't think anyone's gonna scream lmao
If people want to know where Harry is, it's, 0:47, 1:39, 1:53. Couldn't find anymore. This movie is going to be so awesome. Christopher Nolan! ?????€???????????
I haven't seen any fans commenting...Only butt hurt people saying they are mad that people are supporting single actors and will be "screaming" in the theaters.... people are so ignorant ????????€?
how many are like it without watching the trailer..............
HARRY AHAAAAAAZA TE AMO <3
I'll see this... in tribute to my country men and those of the French that got away and helped bring the Nazis downfall 5 years later.
all these comments about harry styles, who cares, this movie is about Dunkirk, who gives a fuck if harry is in it, tbh I think he might have a minor role, but we can only speculate his performance, after we see the movie, his performance will be judged, for now shut the fuck up
BF1 ?
"And here come the Nolan-tards saying this is ""Oscar worthy"" Lmao

 back under your bridges dusty bums ;)"
God bless the Rear Guard
I'm so excited
Didn't even know Harry Styles was in this until I read the comments
Just enjoy thr damn movie please no drama
?????????????????????!
this gonna be north korea if they attack anybody
HARRRYYYYY ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€? EXPELS ALL BODILY FLUIDS
HARRRRRRRY
Its just a movie hust enjoy it!!!
looks ... meh, ok?
Chris Nolan rocks
DONT COME TO THIS MOVIE JUST TO SEE HARRY STYLES HES NOT A MAIN CHARACTER THE MAIN ROLES ARE CILLIAN MURPHY AND TOM HARDY
If only he directed suicide squad
hacksaw ridge has already beaten this movie
HARRY
MY BABYY ????????????????????????????????
"I wonder if they'll show the French fighting the rear-guard actions that actually enabled the British to escape in the first place...

 French, Italian, and German perspectives are sorely overlooked in WWII media."
someone said that teenagers (girls to be specific) aren't educated and that they dont have respect for our veterans that they only care about liking pretty white boys and their number of followers. well as a matter in fact the majority of us have plenty of respect for our veterans and many of us are well educated. to you we might seem like a bunch of little 12 year olds crushing over a stupid boy band but if you truly knew us you would know that we respect others (as long as they respect us) and that we could care less about the number of followers we have
Epic.
Harry = OSCAR for supporting actor !
Battlefield 1 movie trailer
Please stop making it about Harry. Harry is in it.. it doesn't mean he is the lead.. nobody knows alot.. nobody knows anything so please stop being ignorant and the fans like me are just excited please jus lets all enjoy the movie. ???????€?
I hope Harry wins an Oscar in 2018
okay
This movie looks dank as fuck but all I see in the comments is people talking about some guy named Hairy Styles and how some children will ruin the movie but I don't give a fuck this looks great.
HARRY HARRY HARRY FAN GIRLING SO HARD
shit wrong war
"Only watching because of hairy styles...

 *Grabs popcorn*"
will this explain d day??
"So when are we going to get a movie about the battle of Kursk? The largest armored clash in history.
 But this movie should be decent. I'm curious how evil they'll make the Nazis in this one."
Professor Lockhart what's good
I'm so excited for this movie. The trailer's amazing so that's saying something.
This Battlefield 1 DLC looks awesome! Just look at those graphics
the thumbnail looked like a battlefield judt made a new dlc but i wad confused bc the channel is warner. bros
Not sure who Harry Styles is....
"E o pr????ximo oscar vai para..... Harry Styles!!!!!" kkkkkkk ?????????????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€??? Eu estou muito orgulhosa do nosso Hazza. Acho q todos os directioners est????o tamb????m. ??????
I'm so glad to see Tom Hardy in another Christopher Nolan film. He was AMAZING in Inception, and I bet he'll do amazing in this movie too!
I think it's cool that he put Harry Styles in the movie. He's probably trying to teach us about this serious event that shaped our history but really it's just gonna be fangirling teens going to see it without actually knowing what it's about. I mean I'm a fan too, but thankfully not that kind. ???????€????????€?
battlefield 1 movie!
heard this was coming out from frankie :)
Any war movie that isn't rated R is complete garbage in my opinion. If this is PG-13 I won't even bother watching it at home.
If its not R rated then i am not watching it ...
"what movie is this... nahh -- What? Nolan who did this. Ok, can't wait for it."
Christopher Nolan directed it... ill definitely watch it then.
okay, Harry Styles is in it, big deal. Hell, that's how I knew this movie was happening in the first place. Yeah some people are watching it for him (mostly me but I also really like WWII movies and the whole history anyway, plus I can see the movie if it's rated R anyway), but it's been stated by several of the costars that Harry is a great actor and Christopher Nolan said himself that Harry worked for that part and auditioned for it and he got it because he was good, so everyone just needs to give him a chance. I'd also like to comment that most of his fans would want you to be quiet anyway so they can hear everything he's saying and doing. Sure you might get childish fans, but learn to chill. when you're a fan, you get an overwhelming sense of pride that he's doing something to big (it's a Nolan film, that's huge actually), but just learn to be patient and have compassion for people. This could be a great thing, after all. Having a portion of the audience being opened up to this past time and have their minds opened up to take in how devastating it actually was, and maybe in the end, take a lot of interest to it. Think Positively.
WAITING...................
to everyone complaining about harry styles, just let the "13 year old girls" support their idol. its the first time he's in a movie and we want to show as much support as possible. and for all you harry girls please stop over reacting. yes, its great that harry is going to be in a movie but don't ruin it for those who actually want to see the movie. on my part, i love harry styles but im not going to watch the movie just because of him. i am genuinely interested in this movie and it looks like a really good movie. (also for those of you who are saying the movie is ruined because of harry or that Christopher nolan made a mistake, he has made many great films do you think maybe he knows what he's doing?)
Harry s???? no lacre ???????????????????????? AMOOOO
hide encourage saving boss honor fist train.
"has anybody ever considered that girls who like harry styles can also like war movies...

 Yes it's tru."
it'd be a travesty, offensive and a waste if this isn't rated R considering was is never toned down to meet an audience, war kills, and if this wants to be good, well, they're already using english dialogue in a world war 2 movie. we'll see. can't he get someone other than his batman cast members into a movie...?
Who the F is harry?
auuu harry I love you..???????????????????????????
I honestly didn't even notice Harry styles was in the movie till I saw the comments.
I'm just freaking out about seeing Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy again, haha (and better yet, in another Nolan movie). I hope this is going to be amazing!
omaugudness??????????????????????
A MI QIE NADIE ME DIGA NAAA SIN NOSOTRAS LAS DIRECTIONERS APOYANDO A HARRY ESTA PEL????CULA NO SERIA NADA.. ASI QUE NO HABLEN MAL DE NOSOTRAS CARAJO!!
Can somone explain to me what dunkirk is like was it a battle?? I would appreciate it
"I had 3 great uncles who were in the RAF ( Royal Air Force ) in Ww2 that fought in the Battle of Britain,
 This movie puts in perspective of what so many men/women fought though.
 The trailer brought me to tears. ????????????"
I would go and see this because i like tom hardy but now that i have seen harry styles i might not because a big slice of fans will go the movies to scream when ever he get scream time this is tough choice.
"Wow it looks so good. I can't to see Nolan's epic post WWI (did I say it right? WWI?) film. It looks nice for making a strong war background. Oh yay, let's not forget Harry Styles (I can't to see his first acting), Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance, and Kenneth Branagh.

 ""DUNKIRK"""
War movies make me feel really sad but at the same time grateful to be alive. Looking forward to seeing this.
nolan is one of the bests. i trust in his work absolutely <3
I love WWII history and Chris Nolan is a great director. Looking forward to seeing Hardy and Murphy in this!!
harry?????€???
lets hope the fighting scenes are like the opening of saving private ryan, no music, just guns firing, bombs going off, people screaming and violent. I'm hoping this movie depicts how war truley is and hope it doesnt get glorified
I didn't even recognise harry styles in this movie
I wish these war movies would be like the ones from the sixties and tell the story from both parts like have a German character part of the Luftwaffe and see how he reacts to all this and how he feels about the situation just as the BEF feel on the beaches.
this was a pretty good battlefield 2 trailer.
i just came on meself...
People freaking out about Harry Styles. Me: is that Tom Hardy?? Ahhhhhhhhhhhh :D
im just really excited for cillian murphy lol
This looks interesting to be honest . I showed to my little brother and he thinks its world war 2. Is he right or wrong?
Come on guys..... I get it Harry is in the movie but relax. You guys better not fucking scream in the theatre. I get it we are all excited to see him but you can't flip shit
I would like to watch this movie one day. I'm not a 1D fan nor am I probably ever going to be but Harry's acting looks good in this trailer. Though I am only 14, I probably wont be one of the many girls screaming in the movie theater when it shows his face.
History Is written by its victors I wonder why there are so few movies from the Japanese or german point of view but countless movies,tv,games etc of the allies.
Still talking about Harry Styles when no one should fucking care. I mean fuck! This will be a masterpiece! and u are arguing on a goddamn singer who debuts in a movie!
Was excited for this movie... then I realized that Harry styles was in it and suddenly I'm not too excited to go to a theater full of teenagers who don't even enjoy war films, but instead are screaming every time Harry's face shows on screen
"Hard times make hard people,
 Hard people make soft times,
 Soft times make soft people,
 Soft people make hard times."
I was so proud watching Hazza. I know he acted in iCarly but this seems very different. I can't wait to watch the film
"Me watching this video
 ""OMG IT'S HARRRRRYYY OMGGGG HE'S OMGGGGGGGGGGG OMGGGG HARRRRY HE'S SO HOTTTTT OMG"""
another clich???? boring looking war movie that looks like all the other 99999999 war movies there are just absolute shit and I could already tell that the critics will praise this like the good little pretentious no minded faggots they are
I know what I'm doing July 21st, 2017
Hans Zimmer, my body is ready.
The cast is incredible! and Tom Hardy is one of my favorite actors of all the time, I cant wait for this! and obvs is Harrys debut so I cant miss it!
GODDAMN IT LOOKS LIKE BATTLEFIELD 1 SOO MUCH
"People should stop hating One direction fans for supporting their idol lol.
 Can't wait for the movie !!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Hey directioners, if you scream when Harry Styles appears in the movie while you're in the cinema. Please kill yourself
Just being honest, but I feel the sound effects are going to be the best part of this movie.
Bunch of soldiers dying big deal... They knew what they were signing up for... War ain't a piece of cake or bed of roses....
This looks good but I'm upset we aren't ever going to receive WW1 movies. Come on Hollywood, BF1! You can capitalize on fanboys!
ayy
Very intriguing and beautiful trailer. Christopher Nolan films are visually amazing every time, like a painting. This is going to be very interesting. Can't wait for 2017s greatest film!
Me and my sister are going to go see the movie and don't get me wrong i love Harry thats why im going to see the film, but if someone squeals when he comes on the screen, i will tell them to shut the fu*k up loudly.
"Harry Styles is an inspired casting by Nolan.

 His presence will induce a younger generation to reflect on the sacrifices of people their age (or only a little older) in one of the greatest catastrophes the world has ever seen. It will prompt them to reappraise the 21st century cult of materialism and idolism, and place the current teenage trophies - prestige, fame, wealth, beauty - alongside the realities of human suffering, fallibility, courage, and all the kaleidoscopic range of human experience.

 And if he can act, then all the better."
Not bombing them was one of Hitler's"s dumbest mess ups of the war along with attacking the USSR
The Spitfires inthe movie are real acft! They were actual survivors of Dunkirk in 1940. They were recovered and restored over a ten year period. Now that is something!
Original title: Brexit- The Beginning
Definitely looks like it has good camera work. Can't wait
hell mother fucking yes!!!!!
IF HARRY DIES I SWEAR TO GOD IM WALKING THE HELL OUTTA THAT THEATRE
Wait is Tom hardy a nazi
finally a new WWII epic, but its a pitiful story no ones going to enjoy, i only hope we get the germans perspective and it isnt 2 and 1/2 hours of misery
From this trailer it looks very disappointing when you compare it to Interstellar but I got faith in Nolan.
Who the hell is Harry Styles?? The whole comment section is filled with shit about harry styles.
subscribe to me for daily vlogs
I have and always will trust Christopher Nolan. He would have never casted Harry Styles if he didn't see potential in him. And no good WW2 movie isn't rated R. So I don't think we'll be dealing with little girls when we sit down to watch this masterpiece.
I hope the movie will tell the true story about how the Nazis let 300.000 British soldiers, their enemy, escape, as a gesture of good will by Hitler to Churchill. In his hope to come to peace with the UK. Unfortunately, Churchill gave him yet another shrug.
Who is the adversary? I don't get it!
Honestly I see him in the trailer screaming in the water I s2g if he drowns...
When you think that teens are uneducated but in reality we weren't the ones who chose a sexist, racist, and homophobic man as our president ... that has nothing to do with this movie but saying that teens are "uneducated" just because we're excited to see our idol in his first movie is so obnoxious. When you were a teen you used to get excited about stupid things. Not that it matters but I am seeing this movie to support my idol and even if Harry wasn't in this movie I would still go watch it! Because it shows a very life changing event!
Be giving this a miss, I thinks........
What is the song at 1:30
"""Hope is a weapon, Survival is victory...""
 War + Tom Hardy + Christopher Nolan = OMG!!!"
Honestly I'm very excited for Harry in this movie not just because I'm a big fan of one direction but I really want to see how well he would do in this movie
If Donald Trump can control a country, then Harry Styles can be a lead actor
what is wrong with all these people getting mad about 1D fans being excited for harry? it's his debut , leave him alone ????????€?????????€?
Can someone tell me what War and or Event this was in History?
28 ???????????????€????????????????????€????????? ???????????????????€????????? ???????????????????€?
Who the fuck is Harry Styles
It's great that they are showing one of these events of history that is not widely known, hopefully all these young kids will learn something for once
Who is Harry Styles??
IS THAT THE GUY FROM PEAKY BLINDERS????
Those look like Hispano 109s...plz no...
I find the lack of Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Michael Caine in a Christopher Nolan movie disturbing...
Can anyone tell whether tom hardy s character is part of the RAF or Luftwaffe?
You're telling me that if a celebrity you admired was in a film, you wouldn't be the least bit excited or supportive? Just because Harry has fans doesn't mean we're not appreciative of the history being shown in this movie. I don't know why everyone's crying about Harry or the fans. Nolan wouldn't have Harry be in the movie if Harry couldn't act, that would just look bad on him. And not all the fans are little girls anymore, we actually age like the 1D boys as well. Instead of complaining, you should be focusing on the movie. And as far as Harry being in this, give him a chance. Just because he sings doesn't mean he can't act. Being in a boyband doesn't define your whole character, personality, or skill.
I told everyone this morning this video was going to be on the trending section. I WAS THE FIRST COMMENT TOO
Fuck Harry I'm excited to see professor Lockhart!
My one REAL IMAX overhauled their 15/70 gear for the new 4K systems :-(! Hopefully, I'll get on of the 35mm (or 70mm, but that's almost impossible) prints in my neck of the woods. Fingers crossed!
????????????????????????!
Who are here for Tom Hardy and Nolan?. oh and cillian murphy. wohooooo
can everyone stop being fucking dicks and give the man a chance, shit
To all of you saying "I hope it's rated-r" or "one direction fans better not be screaming." I can assure you, we aren't like that?? Most of us are over the age of 16 and want to watch this movie as much as any of you. Not only for Harry, but to see the actual movie based off events from the war and live action. Plus, I'm POSITIVE we'll make this movie sky rocket with profit, anyways? We're proud of Harry, that's all. We won't be as annoying when we're in the actual theater. We show respect, the same as you should show to us. Cause half of you making those comments seem more immature than "us 12 year olds."
British sided all ready hate it
I bet after teenagers watched this trailer, they fangirled and screamed for Harry Styles. Me after watching this, I screamed and fangirled for Christopher Nolan.
OMG HARRY STYLES I LOVE YOU!
Who in their right mind would up-vote this trailer?!?
HARRY
I wish I could make movies like this so please sub to my channel!
Battlefield 1 the movie
Who's harry styles?
Oh yea
Who the fuck is this Harry guy everyone keeps talking about? Who the fuck cares? This is an awesome story about survival and the tenacity of the British people. For fuck's sake, there were everyday private boats, not just naval ships, involved in the rescue.
Harry crying in the ocean made me kinda sad. It reminded me of when they went to Africa on Red Nose Day and he was sobbing.
Who's that guy who got hit on the face at 1:40?
can't wait to see the movie!
Nolan want to be the next Stanley Kubrick, after this war movie, I think he will made a surreal movie like "Eyes Wide Shut" or a horror movie like "The Shining"
NaO TO PREPARADA
Gosh these Harry fans... all the obnoxious ones wait for red box or some shit. Don't ruin this. DON'T FUCKING RUIN THIS.
Song? And wasn't this a battle near/over Denmark or Great Britain?
Lmao this isn't bf1
i have a obsession of war movies
Harry bout to kill me in this ????????
What do you call a dirk nowitzki that can dunk? A dunkirk
Who the fuck is Hairy Styles? #notkidding Who is he?
Those stuka sirens are seriously chilling.
Propaganda
Is this the new battlefield dlc
Brian Williams will tell you that this battle was fierce.
dank
caaaaan't waaaaaaiiittt
I have only two predictions this movie's box office will do either extremely well or extremely bad.
Was this based on the Blitzkrieg?
Vai ser TOP!
So,Harry styles is the lead? He is barely in the trailer for 3 frames ffs.
All that bravery, sad that Britain has been reduced to a bunch of squabbling liberals and rape-happy muslims. It truly looks like Hitler's brand of fascist socialism has just about swallowed Europe, despite it being years after his death. Sad. Just sad.
hair good
CHRISTOPHER NOLAN!!! favorite director! I also love his brothers work because westworld is the shit!!!!
ayy the batman cast are coming back :D
I'm excited to see a WWII event as a movie, also excited to see one of my favorites, but mostly excited to see Dunkirk become a movie.
I honestly can't tell where Harry is. I'm just curious on where HE is in this trailer. Someone help me out please.
I love harry but watching the movie bcs its generally good
As always the fucking same story as seen by americans... I really want to see a movie that talks from the vision of the enemy/losers.
i didn't even realize harry was in the movie until i read all the comments lol.
Tom Hardy playing a villain....
Omg wtf they made bf1 into a videogame
da
Is everything ww1 noe
wtf is a harry style ?
seems like the cast of inception just went into someone else's dream again...
the soundtrack sounds incredible.....
Why is everyone so bitter that Harry is going to star in a Christopher Nolan movie? Yes, he does have some crazy fans, but almost all of them are not like how every male in the comments are describing them as. The fans going to see this movie are NOT going to scream every time harry is on the screen. And many people already see films just because they're favourite actor/idol is starring in it, not because of the story. This is a war film with a huge meaningful story to it, but others may see the film just for Tom Hardy or Cillian Murphy.
BR
HELL YES I CANNOT WAIT.
The only reason I watched this is because of Harry styles
I don't care about harry styles, I don't care about people caring about harry styles, I don't care about people caring about people who care about harry styles. ffs YouTube comments are always trying to cause problems in my life.
I'M SO EXCITED FOR THIS MOVIE
Thomas fucking Shelby
ww2 is a Good theme for movies
DUNKIRK FEATURING FUCKING HARRY FUCKING STYLES
Was this when Anne Frank was alive? You know, the jew girl with the diary.
just say, harry styles is so fucking hot, he maybe can be my suggar daddy???????????????€?????????
Why England is a great country
if harry dies I will laugh while girls will cry
I see Tom Hardy i spend 20 dollars.
they died, and now we live...just remember that.
Casting Harry Styles was a genius idea as it's the easiest way to get screaming 13 year old girls to watch a war film
I haven't learned this history yet can somebody tell me the story behind Dunkirk?
Am I the only one who doesn't know who this Harry dude is?
So i guess BANE can fly planes now
I'm so excited to watch this movie and if I hear one person scream because harry is shown I'm going to slap you and make sure you buy me a new ticket to see it again ?????€???????????
"FOLLOWING since ""FOLLOWING""
 a NOLAN fan"
Hey c'mon we're 1d fans not gonna ruin this movie we will rock it just see
Harry Omg?????€????????€????????€????????????????€???????????
Im only seeing this cause of Harry Styles
fav ?????€???
1:01 why do I hear girls screaming when there are only men. They must have been REALLY scared. Don't blame them. ????????
Battlefield 1 right here
pearl harbor?
WAS THAT AGENT CARTER'S JARVIS ????
who's the actor at 0:24?
add me on snapchat:corey0005
Number of Seth Rogan +1 (847) 770-1079
Finally a Nolan movie that's not pretentious or filled with exposition? Might give it a try ..
Soooo SHOOOOK
This film seems intense! Hope I get to watch it without any fangirls screaming about Harry. I'm a fan but c'mon, everything it's not about him.
Ok I love interstellar but this ? Trailer doesnt look exciting enough, just another war movie, but Nolan wouldnt take this script if he didnt trust in it...
Why do the ME-109s have Jericho sirens?
Ok. 1D fans need to stop crying over Harry, and cry over the actual people that died at this event.
oohh...never know Mark Rylance is in this movie! So excited with this, i hope WB don't mess it up by making it PG-13.
You had me at 'Adolf Hitler'
The big deal about this movie isn't the amazing Christopher Nolan, it's the fact it's a true story. You don't see it in the trailer, but how they will visualize thousands of ships sailing out of England to rescue the British Army is going to be something else on the big screen.
"This is an important story.
 This should be a classic movie."
I wonder if this movie will correctly depict the French forces that were desperately trying to hold the Wermacht back while evacuation of the British forces could be completed.
Hope harry is the first one to go
Harry's highlighter be poppin?????€???
there is harry styles
HARRY
I'm so happy to see a Hollywood epic that focuses on the war from our side of the pond. Just a shame to see that the movies initial impact is being over shadowed by harry styles fans and haters. I just hope it tells the story accurately and does our veterans justice. X
I'm in since I heard that Christopher Nolan was directing a World War II film.
"Move in men"
i'm nolan's fans,but this trailer looked 'plain'.. but let's hope the movie is much better
Cillian is all that matters fuck Harry styles xD but this movie looks good af anyways
So what's the movie about
can everyone just stop over reacting and have faith in Harry. This is his first movie and please comment about his acting only after watching it. Don't bash him just because he's famous. he's hard working and dedicated im sure he'll do justice for his character .
Hope the story matches the quality of the visuals.
o diretor ???? o mesmo do interestrelar?
Song name starting at 1:28?
apparently I have already liked the video even though is the first time I watch it
Christopher Nutmeg or whatever his name is has Harry to thank for saving his movie :)
This Battlefield 1 DLC looks dope
"From Christopher Nolan" say no more I'm hooked
I think Harry is the one who got shot in his hand ????????????????
I wanted to see this movie before I knew Harry Styles was in it. I love movies about stuff happening on the battlefield. It's interesting.
harry :')))) im so proud
How was Tom hardy able to survive without the mask fully attached. I'd imagine that would be extremely painful.
can all you that are getting butthurt about the girls who like Harry Styles screaming and shit, can y'all like stfu? They're the ones who are going to make the movie rise , Because of the money it's going to be getting . I've scrolled down and 4 out of 5 comments are just butthurt people about Harry causing shit. and so far only one is about Harry. CALM YOURSELVES, EITHER GO WATCH THE MOVIE WHEN IT COMES OUT OR BUY IT SHIT.
"Don't care about this Harry guy everyone's bitching/raving about. All I know is that the one kind of film that PC culture can't get its dirty little fingers on is a good war movie, and that's a good enough reason to watch it for me. Regardless of any American Bias, Bad actors or whatever else may turn someone else away.

 Plus for those complaining over this Harry fellow. You all forget that Shia Labeouf was in Fury, and he was awesome."
Who's TheLengend27 I heard he's awesome
so looking forward to seeing this on day one!
So many fucking movies I'm going to go broke cuz they're all so good
bf1.mov
July 19 in film July 21 on digital
first movie Harry is in and he dies ???????€? ik its a war movie and a lot if people die but its just funny to me
I like how it's about the British and not the Americans. It's nice to have a little variety in ww2 films.
Oh, Tom Hardy and Nolan. That's all you need to know.
All these people who don't like Harry are so pressed, like get over yourself . HE HAS FANS WHO ARE GONNA BE EXCITED TO SEE HIM ACT. why be so angry people like him, are you jealous? you should be happy there's going to be so many extra people watching this film, even if it is just for Harry. This film is obviously going to be a hit.
who else put comment then delete it
Harry omfg I'm hyperventilating
It will the Donald's first day as president the day this film comes out.
GET HYPED YO
Greatest director of all time.
The movie looks good, I can not wait to see it.
looks cool
wrong bf 109 model used but real plane in camera not cgi?
Battle of Dunkirk is brutal
Oh this is going to be so good.
Harry ????????????
"This could be interesting, although the acting in parts of the trailer actually looked a bit ropey. Will they, I wonder, show the German side whereby there was much consternation/debate at the halt order once the BEF was surrounded? I notice here, they appear to be going for the 'nasty nazis finishing off the BEF with the luftwaffe' version. This was, indeed, the accepted version for decades, but Goering's offer to let his luftwaffe finish the job was made some time after the wehrmacht halted on the outskirts of Dunkirk and some German commanders wanted to eliminate the BEF, others felt the BEF were no threat and it would be wasteful of further German lives to continue into Dunkirk.

  The Miracle of Dunkirk was used to bolster morale after what was a clear military disaster by the BEF campaign in France, and let us hope Nolan does not pull any punches or get all jingoistic. One of the most interesting, and perhaps telling accounts comes from Spike Milligan who as a new conscript asked a recently returned Tommy what Dunkirk had been like. ""Like, son?""...replied the Tommy....""it was a fuck up, a complete fuck up."""
"This could be interesting, although the acting in parts of the trailer actually looked a bit ropey. Will they, I wonder, show the German side whereby there was much consternation/debate at the halt order once the BEF was surrounded? I notice here, they appear to be going for the 'nasty nazis finishing off the BEF with the luftwaffe' version. This was, indeed, the accepted version for decades, but Goering's offer to let his luftwaffe finish the job was made some time after the wehrmacht halted on the outskirts of Dunkirk and some German commanders wanted to eliminate the BEF, others felt the BEF were no threat and it would be wasteful of further German lives to continue into Dunkirk.

  The Miracle of Dunkirk was used to bolster morale after what was a clear military disaster by the BEF campaign in France, and let us hope Nolan does not pull any punches or get all jingoistic. One of the most interesting, and perhaps telling accounts comes from Spike Milligan who as a new conscript asked a recently returned Tommy what Dunkirk had been like. ""Like, son?""...replied the Tommy....""it was a fuck up, a complete fuck up."""
"i was like ""ohh shit, a new Nolan movie with Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy?! I'll go watch that for sure""
 looks at some comments and saw ""Harry, Harry oh my god, Harry, I'm going to watch it because Harry is in it!!!!""
 Me : ""Ummm who is Harry??? :| """
I'm SHOOKKKK
I have high hopes for this film, the trailer itself looks fantastic. Nolan is a visionary.
I dont see BatMan
Am I the only one who was expecting a Alien movie at first glance o.o
To the people who are bashing all the directioners for making this all about harry! Not every directioner is a psychotic screaming fan. Some of us are also excited for just the movie. SO BEFORE YOU GO CRITICIZE A FAN ,KNOW IF THEY'RE THERE FOR JUST HARRY OR ALSO FOR THE MOVIE!
Scream for harry all you want im screaming for nolan
"I was excited to see this movie because I knew Harry Styles was going to be in it. Little did I know then that I would actually want to watch this movie because it LEGITIMATELY LOOKS AWESOME AS HELL!!! I'm not a fan of war movies, but I love history, so this makes me want to learn what happened. I will admit that I only liked History because of Hetalia and Horrible Histories, but I at least deserve props for liking history of counties I don't even live in.

 Before you guys ask, I have proper etiquette in the cinema. If I didn't scream in any scene in This Is Us (the 1D movie where they're there in every scene), you know damn well I won't scream in this movie. If only I could say the same for my sisters..."
Don't judge Christopher Nolan movies by its trailers, as i remind you with inciption and Interstellar what happen....Anything can be happens in Dunkirk.
eu to no Shawn
They sure are DOCKING!!! Cue epic ORGAN MUSIC
don't say that this movie should be rated r otherwise you're gonna break millions of hearts. why not just build a special theaters for us!
dan hardy is in it?
For all the tight pussied bitches worrying about harry styles shut the fuck up and watch the movie before making any assumptions
my ass mother fuckin SQUEALED when harry popped up
Scroll down to the comments with a single like on them, that's the 1D fans liking their own comment so they can have some attention and cry over Harry. Fuck me if he dies it's realistic! You think that Nolan, one of the greatest directors out there right now, was like "Let's keep Hazza alive for all the 12 year old fangirls". Of course he fucking didn't, Harry performing some quality acting is all I care about. "I can't watch Harry drown" Christ alive just fuck off then.
Thank you God Nolan for another brief taking creative movie on these nowadays!!
"hes fuckin overrated as fuck
 idont watch his movies anymore sorry."
Spoiler......The Germans win.
Please, Please dont let me be sitting in a theater with fucking 12ies screaming all the time. I will get violent
Battlefield 1: The Movie
It film here due "28 ???????????????€????????????????????€?????????"???? I asked Christopher Nolan
hmm not sure how I feel seeing Christopher Nolan doing a war film...
Looks nice.
I'm becoming rather infuriated by all the Harry fans here who are only focusing on him and are completely disregarding this movie and its focus.
I hope the plotwist is that the hollocaust didn't happen
Dunky?
It looks absolutely tom hardy, harry fucking styles!?, villain Murphy Oh My Gosh! Chris Nolan has to be the most beautiful and amazing film maker everr
Dankirk
For some reason the ocean horizon in the title letters really hit me. Fantastic artistic choice.
directioners are immortals, from 2012 people believe that we are 12
Finally a WW1 movie
why focus on harry styles if this movie looks incredible?
Where is French army who defended bravely Dunkirk ?
This is WW2 by the way, if anyone was wondering.
I actually originally wanted to see this because of Harry. But now that I've seen the trailer, this story is what's bringing me in. While yes I will feel a little giddy when I FIRST see Harry acting, it will not be the only thing I'm watching.
Now im just excited for the movie!! CHRISTOPHER NOLAN!
I thought this was a rogue one trailer by the thumb nail, I was tought to see before read now shut up
harryyyyyyy ????????????????????????????????
i feel like this was a big part of history so once again thanks to high school for fucking me.
???????I've watched all c.nolan movie not in 1,2,or 3 times but many times and i still dont understand the ending of all his movies, i always end up in google after i watch it, bcs dunkirk it based on true events i hope he not making some big twist in the ending???????
back when it was just a teaser. there were some kids (around 15-16yrs) that were laughing their ass off when they were in the boat and it only showed them covering their heads. I thought this was disrespectful. but they were kids. they don't know when shit is bad.
Harry's parts and Thomas Shelby ?????????????????????????????????€???????????
I hope this movie's rated R. If Nolan can make his films as intense and real with PG-13, I really want to see what he could do with an R rating.
Came to see harry!
what kind of Dark Knight is this?
It looks boring
This film will flop, Im a Nolan fan but this will be a dud.
"""Survival is victory""
 Nice way of saying ""we got caught with our pants down and our asses kicked, thanks (not really) Frenchies for saving our asses, now go fuck yourselves"""
I hope Harry dies in this movie. That would be pleasant to watch
"Christ this comments section is cancer from everyone

 including me"
What kind of Battlefield 1 is this?
I was looking at everyone's face and pausing it and then I found harry and was like omfg yasss
I loved reading about Dunkirk in history so I'm so excited. Plus it's Nolan. He's literally a genius.
dont even front, people only watching this trailer because harry styles is in it... same tbh
wow
"TRETA DO SECULO OTARIO HUMILHOU NANDO MOURA
 tube.com/watch?v=5H5A-HV5dyA&t=209s"
2017 STOP, I CAN ONLY HANDLE SO MANY MOVIES
HARRY FUCKING STYLES
HARRY
Why can't we have any movies on the German side.
Is it me or does Nolan like to recycle some actors from previous movies. This isn't the first time...
I personally am a huge fan of Harry Styles as are many other people going to watch this film but because he is in it we are not going to be screaming in the theater or jump around like we are children when he comes on the screen okay. So for the people saying all this bad stuff about him and his fans it is really disrespectful. If you were him you would be very hurt by what some of you are saying. So everyone I am saying this in the nicest way possible just keep your negative thoughts to yourself. A lot of people would appreciate it. Thank you.
nothing to see here scroll along
to quote a hero regarding heroes "???????theirs is a story that deserves to be told???????" this looks promising.
Am I the only one happy Cillian Murphy is getting to play a main role? He's an amazing actor and I love seeing him in films.
Me ajudem a chegar a 1milh????o de inscritos s???? falta 1milh????o. retribuio
"I've seen a load of Harry Styles comments on here. People saying they love him and then getting shot down by others saying they don't belong here if that's all they care about


 REALLY?!

 We're all here to watch the Dunkirk trailer. Whether it's because we love Nolan or we love Harry Styles or both it doesn't matter ! Let everyone just enjoy something for their own reasons because it IT DOESNT EFFECT YOU if someone is watching a movie for a different reason.

 Personally I think that this movies looks great, and I also think that harry Styles is pretty hot looking. But if harry Styles wasn't in the movie...guess what?
 The movie would still look like a great movie.

 So can everyone just stop getting so butt hurt over nothing????"
Another trailer that is clearly at a 21:9 ratio but forces black bars at the top and bottom so it doesn't display correctly on an actual 21:9 ultrawide monitor.
Soy la ????nica directioner latina que vino a ver el trailer de Dunkirk por Harry Styles? ????????????????
I love Christopher Nolan, and world war 2 movies, but I feel like a new world war 2 movie comes out every couple of months. We're basically just treading over the same stuff over and over
the fuck is harry styles? that sounds like a fake name you'd give yourself because you have no personality and to much money.
Is this WW1 or WW2? Some of the soldiers and weapons looked like they were form WW1 but some of the planes looked like they were form WW2. Can someone help me out with this?
Se ve que va a estar buena la pel????cula, Harry tan hermoso como siempre pero veremos que tal para la actuaci????n. ???????????€??€?
Does anyone know the music that kicks in at 1:28? or is it an original piece?
"I counted three shots of Harry Styles's face. I have a message for the 1D fans and 1D haters: This film is not about Harry. Nor is it about Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy or Kenneth Branagh or any one soldier, but all the soldiers and civilians who took part in this event.

 Seriously guys, if you can't stand the idea of Harry Styles existence for some reason, pay attention. It's not like the trailer was showing him off or anything. It sounds like Nolan cast him because he thought he was right for the part."
Christopher Nolan is by far one of the Greatest Directors of all time! This movie looks amazing.....
Honestly you guys are telling us off in case we scream but trust me, most of us probably won't like screaming in the cinemas either (unless that's just me). I mean I went to This Is Us & I was pissed off when the fans in the back screamed so for a movie like this obviously I'm not gonna scream. (With that being said if you are planning to scream, for the love of god, PLEASE DONT)
OMG I CANT WAIT THIS LOOKS SO GOOD
Meh.... I'm not so sure now about this movie. I think it will do well in Europe but tank in the United States. Probably won't even get released in China
Finely a ww2 movie not about my own country or jews.
Looks good.
another liberal war movie. smh
SIck
HARRY OMG OMG
Cade os Brhuehue?
i can't wait to see the movie :D but now some of the comments make me feel bad cos idk anything abt Dunkirk. Believe me i would love to know it, but our teachers arent teaching us this historical event :( Yes i love harry styles, and he was the reason why i wanted to watch the movie bcos i wanted to see on how he grew up as an artist and to see him act for the first time. But sooner or later i found interest in the movie and the other actor looks interesting as well. I don't understand on why ppl will complain to teens but when some of them might be adults. Pls dont stereotype them as teens. And i agree some fans do take it too far and should calm down. And the fact that ppl think that were gonna scream in the theaters :( I mean yes we're fans but i think some of us would rather sit quietly and listen to harry in the film. And ofc watch the whole movie. Yes i am a directioner but i am also interested in History :) History is my fav subject and this event didnt occur in my country so it would be nice to know more history around the world :D
"Can't wait to see Harry...






 GETTING FUCKING SHOT, BOMBED, KAMIKAZE'D, DROWNING AND BURIED IN THE GAWDDAMN SOIL."
YALL NEED A CHILL PILL WATCH FOR WHATEVER REASON U WANT AND SHUT IT IF WE WANNA WATCH IT BC HARRYS IN IT THEN SO BE IT!!?????€???????????IF U WANNA WATCH BC ITS ANOTHER MASTERPIECE BY CHRISTOPHER NOLAN GO AHEAD AND LET PPL SUPPORT WHO THEY WANT FFS
WHOS HERE FOR HARRY STYLES?
I truly love Harry Styles but the people saying they would leave the theatre because he died need to get over themselves also the people hating on the fans for being here just because of Harry , just stop okay there is many younger fans that can learn from this, and other fans that are saying they are happy to see Harry in this because they look up to him so stop hating on them at least they are seeing the damn movie. This movie looks amazing and I can't wait to see it, but can we stop hating on Harry for being in the movie because of his fans or you just hate him in general
"http://www.ebay.com/itm/222346316947?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649

 Rick Riordan Books Great Price!"
"http://www.ebay.com/itm/222346316947?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649

 Rick Riordan Books Great Price!"
In my opinion Nolan's true strength is his exceedingly rare ability to make fiction works feel real , with the burden of realistic consequences for his character's actions. Trying to stick to historic events and references while staying clear of Hollywood-like higher moral ground and sensationalism might prove a very difficult exercise..
summer though? c'mon
shit barely any action. hacksaw ridge fobass wannabe bitchass niggga
Today's my birthday, My lesbian neighbors got me a Rolex. I guess they misunderstood when I said "I wanna watch"
looks like the next Battlefield 1 update is gonna make the graphics 10x better
This looks incredibly stressful
Like' if you saw Harry Styles!
My baby looks so good ??????????????????????????????
The best battlefield 1 trailer yet.
harrehh
HARRY SE AHOGO Y MURIO? THE FUCK JODANSE TODOS VOY A LLORAR CUANDO VEA LA PELI :'(
Hm. Usully i don't fancy World War movies but this one in perspective looks different. And therefore maybe worth watching.
Did anyone else that lives in Maryland get confused when they saw the title?
Ll
LOOK AT MY BOY HARRY
So many great movies recently: Interstellar, Bridge of Spies, Star wars, Hacksaw Ridge, Moana, Zootopia, Star Trek, and now another epic from Nolan... Hollywood is on a fucking roll!
would've had no idea someone from one direction was in this had it not been for this comment section
"HE'S COMING BY GROUND!" Seven nation army starts playing
Jbnnn
Christopher Nolan had so much going for him.
all you bitter asses complaining about girls being excited for Harry's acting debut need to grow up. yes, we know it's about the battle, yes, some of us had grandparents who fought it, and some died, but damnit, we're proud of him for branching out and making a debut, just like how some of you are that there's a new movie on a war. some of you are more immature than how you're making his fans out to be.
Looks like professor Lockheart had his own adventures and didn't just steal them
suscribete a mi canal y yo al tuyo?????????????????????
I just spent the last hour on the phone to my mum crying about my call centre job. What right do I have to complain about my life?! These men experienced hell so we could live. I should be grateful every single day that I am alive and not staring death in the face.
meh
Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer are a lethal combo ?????€???????????
as a directioner, i was excited to watch the film because harry was in it. but then after learning more about the battle, i am actually looking forward to the whole movie itself and learn its heartbreaking history. however, can this film be like R - rated so I wouldn't have to hear a bunch of fangirls scream when Harry pops up and me telling them to shut up?
"Why the fuck are BF109s attacking ships, and why the fuck do they have Stuka sirens?

 Cmon, if you're going to make a fucking movie about it, just do a second of research. I knew this shit when I was 14"
Well that looks boring.
I can't wait for this movie, not only for Harry but for this movie based off of historical events created by one of the absolute best film directors
HHHHHAAAAARRRRRRYYYYY
Harry ?????????????????????
This looks absolutely spectacular.
goodness i don't want to sound like a masochist but I KNOW this movie is going to make me cry and I can't wait
"Harry Styles fans: ""OMG IT'S HARRY STYLES!""
 Movie Fans: ""OMG IT'S NOLAN'S NEXT MASTERPIECE!"""
As someone who actually studied Dunkirk i really hope this movie doesn't disappoint me and stays true to what Dunkirk was: Hell.
"Me siento orgullosa por Harry y emocionada porque ADORO, ME ENCANTAN las pel????culas de guerra y acci????n.

 Espero con ansias 2017"
Nolan Is The Greatest Of This Era. #Faxx
Harry styles is only in it as the studio needs to make money
is it Harry from One Direction
???????€????? ???€????? ???????? ???€????????? ???????? ???????????????????€?????????, ???€????€????? ???????????? ???€?????????????€????????? ???????? ????????????????????????? ???? ???????????? ???????????? ???????€? ????????????????€?????????????????????????€?!!!
Decent.
R.I.P. Harry
yaaassss this looks so good, I absolutely love world war movies and Harry styles being in it is just a plus lol
I have one question. Where is Michael Caine ?
as a teenager, Hugh fan of nolan, but for fuck sake if fan girls are gonna be yelling in the theatre they are gonna catch these hands
I thought Tom Hardy was the lead actor in this film? There's literally one scene of him from this trailer.
heil hitler
"directed by Christopher Nolan" preorders tickets
HARRY STYLES
I am confused, am i in core love with batman or nolan is a really great film maker? why his name only pushing me to watch d film?
Kirk is definitely done.
I'm so ready for this
all these people come here for some guy named Harry, i came here for Nolan
Watch if Harry Styles dies like Justin Bieber did in Zoolander 2
I have high hopes for this movie. Hope fan girls don't ruin the experience
for harry styles yes I definitely want to see this although I'm not a fan of this kind of movie
Im so proud to be Harry's fan. I've been supporting him since the beginning and this is such an achievement for him. I don't care if he dies or not in this movie. Nolan is a great director! I know this movie will be great not because of Harry but because of all the people in this cast. Im just so happy for Harry's success. God bless everyone in this movie.
Check the vid on my channel
I promise I'll try my best not to scream in the theaters when Harry comes on the screen
Thomas Shelby ???????€??????€???
Hazza se ve tan hermoso alv ??????
Amazing waiting for the nolan s classic
I have seen every movie by Christopher Nolan, will not be missing this one.
God damn this is the first movie in a decade that has me edgy with anticipation.
Wait harry styles is in this movie? was he in the trailer? I didn't notice
I was thinking I probably wouldnt like this movie then I watched the trailer and I actually want to see it, it looks really good.
my fangirl feelings come back
wow, amazing shots.
Zouloux
meh
I see ya harry ???????€????????????????? u better not die
Estoy aqu????, por HARRY <3
Looks good
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Dunkirk
Tell me about Tom Hardy! Why does he wear the mask? He didn't fly so good!
I'm here for Harry and I'm 22 so, sorry fuckers. Betta bring ear plugs ???????€? Also, this movie looks really good. So so proud of Harry??????
whats the movie even about ? other than WWII
To isolate and remove body fat, we must focus on a combination of intermittent fasting and high intensity muscular workouts. Make sure you consume high quality fats from avocados and sesame seeds while also keeping protein count up with meats and leafy vegetables. If you are feeling tired or hungry, drink coffee a lot as it will suppress your hunger. Follow all this and you will be well on your way to getting six-pack abs!
"Same moral as Interstellar:

 Do not go gentle into that good night."
I started screaming and crying of many reasons ???????€????????€? can't wait to see this
"Any 1D fans here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! XDXDXD B========D ~~~~~~~~~
 bouncing on my boys dick"
wetter than
Thank GOD they're making another WW2 film, we certainly don't have enough of those!!!!!
sorry,but im here for Harry styles ...hell yeah
The prequel to Peaky Blinders.
Harry!!!!!!! From a singer to an actor. Wow!!!
even though the trailer doesn't spoil anything, the history of the movie spoils everything
This trailer looks incredible and though this isn't the typical film genre I rush to the theater for I think I'll take a look :)
My Grandfather was at Dunkirk. I wish he were around to see this.
What the hell One Direction boi doing in this movie?
Thumbnail reminded me of bf1
can everyone shut up about harry styles... and im mainly talking to the people who are complaining about him being in it or about his fans. like seriously who the fuck cares just watch the trailer.
MASTAPIECE
Harry styles vs Wehrmacht
http://www.gofundme.com/33zxyyw help me get to Ecuador!
???€????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????????????????? -???????????????€?????????? ?? ????????????????????????????????????€?????????
MY BABY
Who's harry styles? I'm more worried about Tom Hardy
i can't wait!!!! omgggh
WW2 soldiers, the greatest generation of soldiers. Nothing now even compares.
nolan shut up and take my money
hply shit this looks good, nice to see a ww2 movie, without the allies winning.
People who aren't harry styles' fan needs to calm down and not taking this too serious ... His fans are just excited and I'm pretty sure they are just joking. They know how talented Nolan is. They know it. And I'm pretty sure they are laughing about people who is pissed off about the whole situation. Relax people. It's a movie. Enjoy the ride. Life is not long enough. Okay bye
OOOOH JOY! Spit's? BF 109? Stuka's? Com certeza vai rolar uns Dogfights nesse Filme e com Certeza vou assisti-lo e com certeza vai ser Online (infelizmente).
harry looks amazing!!!!!!!
I'll tell you why everyone has a problem with these fans. Because they'll be watching the movie for Harry rather than the event that was Dunkirk. Im sure hes a great actor but have some fucking respect. This movie isnt fan service, its commemorating a highly dangerous event that those soldiers faced. And anyhow if we are talking about actors, then really the only actors you should be looking out for in this movie would be Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy.
Who is the actor at 0:25 ?
oh such a good trailer
Looks a lot like the d-day scenes from Saving Private Ryan. Wonder if Nolan got inspiration from Spielberg.
What's the song called
Why are they all just standing on the beach in a line?
Retarded Harry Styles fans ruined this
Christopher Nolan's films are usually rooted in philosophical, sociological and ethical concepts, exploring human morality, the construction of time, and the malleable nature of memory and personal identity. His work is also permeated by labyrinthine plots, nonlinear storytelling, temporal shifts, solipsistic perspectives, practical special effects, and analogous relationships between visual language and narrative elements. We shall see if this is anything like his other motion pictures. The trailer only tells the plot, not the entire story of the film or history that happened.
"Hopefully this movie will be more grounded and have less hamfisted themes than ""Inter-love-transcends-time-and-space-stellar.""

 Fuck that movie."
I'm supposed to be playing game of war but this one player keeps kicking my ass
As others have stated, I have nothing against Harry Styles. It's his fans.
Theres Cillian Murphy and people still obsessing over harry whatever his last name is???
not another war movie. so boring lol
"""If we go there we'll die"" @1:27
 Is he actually happy about it???"
"and Oscars goes to...


 Dunkirk"
yall some salty old people for sure so shook about the Harry fans ???????€????????€????????€?
Only a complete idiot would try to say a total rout of the combined allied forces while they were chased off the continent is a "victory". There was nothing about it that was a victory and those that did manage to escape did so at the mercy of the Germans .This is a historical fact.
wow bf1 looks great
This comment section will give you cancer. Turn back while you still can.
Harry????????????????????????????????????????????????
Let's hope it's not as bad as that Fury bullshit.
?????????????????????
JACK FRAGS!!!
"Which is different?

 ???????€????????€????????€????? ?????????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€?

 Like if you found it because I am dying for attention and likes on a YouTube comment are the only way for me to validate myself"
HARRY
If the film is as good as I looks and Cillian Murphy is half as good as he is in peaky blinders I will be happy
Bloody Peaky Blinders
Although I've never been a fan of him , I am eager to see Harry Styles portray a British Soldier during WWII. I hope to see him take on serious roles. Regardless, I .can't wait for this movie!
yeah boyyyyyyyy
10/10 amazing trailer
I hope not all planes have the jericho trumpet sound like in this trailer. Other than that, I can't wait :)
not gonna lie i'm probably scream in the theater sorry not sorry :)) y'all better be prepared for the theater to be FILLED with directioners. We are proud of our boy!!!
I don't care if Harry Styles is in this. In fact I'm sure he'll do great. It's just his idiotic fans I don't want screaming in the movie theater, blasting my eardrums and eradicating half of my brain cells.
I'm guessing this is set in ww2
And the Oscar for Best Picture goes to..
ARTILLERY!
"I don't care about Harry Styles and I am a big fan of Nolan but... WW2 ? I don't get the hype. I like Nolan for unique plot and scenario you wouldn't expect to see anywhere else like Inception (my favorite movie ever) or Interstellar. But WW2 seems boring to me :/
 Did I miss something?"
After Hacksaw Ridge and Allied, glad to have Dunkirk to look forward to. I've always wanted to see Nolan do a war film and a James Bond movie.
Harry has never looked better.
PLEASE TELL ME THIS MOVIE IS RATED R
Not a fan of Harry Styles or his band but this looks awesome. I just hope fans of One Direction don't scream in the theater every time they see him.
I see Nolan, I click.
Love the new battlefield 1 dlc
It's not Harry Styles that's the problem it's the squealing, absent minded, immature, unaware and ignorant fan girls. He can sing, so fucking what? The men that sacrificed their lives to fight for our freedoms deserve more than their heroic and selfless actions being an insignificant sideshow. You're going to walk out if Harry's character dies? Well then you're a self centred and selfish cunt. 11000 men ACTUALLY died at Dunkirk - drowned, shot, blown up, bombed, set on fire - suffering all manner of deaths and tens of thousands more were captured and imprisoned for near on 5 years in many cases in horrendous conditions. Show some fucking respect and grow up.
Im supposed to be playing game of war but this one guy keeps kicking my ass!
This is just award fodder. Will probably be boring
This looks fucking dope.
Peaky fucking blinder
Why is everyone being so ignorant and pissing on fans because they're talking about Harry ?? They're just trying to support their idol. ?????€?
battlefield 1 vibe
A very early form of Brexit....
People who don't watch Dunkirk because Harry Styles is in it are as stupid as the people who watch Dunkirk because Harry Styles is in it
Genial!!1 from venezuela!!
"I've been disappointed with a lot of Chris Nolan's recent films, TDKR was arguably an okay film, but it didn't leave an impact on me like The Dark Knight did. Interstellar was decent but it was't the stunning visual Scifi successor to Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey, like so many said it was.
 So I don't have my hopes up.
 But at least all of the prepubescent foaming out the mouth girls will love if for no other reason other than the fact that it has Harry Styles in it. So good on you Nolan for marketing one of your films for mass appeal!"
nice to see Hollywood finally acknowledge dunkey
BRASIL CADE VC ????????????????????????????????????????
#1 trending let's go!!!
Excuse all of you dumbass BS talking people.... I????m sorry but you stupid assholes slamming Harrys Styles fans down TAKE A EFFING CHILL PILL!!! I may not be a fan but have some respect. Who are you lowlife bitches to judge Harry OR Nolan. Nolan has been in the game for a very long time and knows what the hell he is doing. NO I????m not 12 I????m freaking 17 and I happen to think Harry Styles is a cute little thing...So back the hell off :) xx
Looks like a pretty neat movie, besides the fact that they used Harry Styles as a main actor since he hasn't acted in anything before
there are no women???? historical accuracy isn't as important as gender equality we need women in ww1 movies
harry?????€??€?
I'm only watching because it's 1. World War Two 2.Christopher Nolan 3. Cillian Murphy
This score sounds breathtaking
"inspired by all the bf1 hype"
I liked it before watching the trailer. The name is enough Nolan...
Here before Harry Styles
MY BABY HARRYYYY
stop complaining about harry fucking styles, dude wants to branch out and Nolan isnt an idiot who hires just anyone as a lead, if harry impressed him im sure he will impress us
Harry ????????
there better be a batman cameo
hmmm don't usually go to the theaters to see war movies but it's from Christopher Nolan and has some good actors, so I think I'll actually give it a go.
been waiting for this trailer for a long time
this is gonna be my fav#1 movie
The moment that I saw Harry Styles ??????????????????????
Fuck Styles, I'm here for my boy Tommy Shelby!
OMG ???????? Harry
I like Harry but the fan girls are making it like the only important things is if Harry survives, what about all those people who actually died??
Nolan you drive me crazy with all your movies
Tom Hardy!!!!
thought this was a battlefield 1 dlc trailer at first
holy fuck that was intense
Can people chill about the "cancerous comment section", let people be excited about Harry being in the movie lmao? So many comments about "you should care more about the veterans" blah blah, my dad literally went to Afghanistan twice, and Bosnia three or more times. He's been to war, and yet he's not getting butthurt over a few fans being excited for a movie lmao. (Yes, I know my dad didn't fight in the world wars but he is educated about them.)
Warner Brothers gave me a hard on with this new movie because Hollywood must have had minimal involvement with it. Hollywood is the bane of good story tellers. But Dunkirk has excellent subject matter and will probably be a great story. I hope Angelina has nothing to do with this one. Hollywood bad. Dunkirk good.
What is it with Christopher Nolan and clocks?
Harry is so hot
Harry Styles @ 0:47 ?
"OMG!!!
 Harry Potter is in this movie!!!
 I can't wait!"
"it's refreshing to see untold stories of ww2 that simply shape the outcome of the war. Alot of war time films have been based on American successes or stories. now it's great to know that the evacuation of Dunkirk is shown a to modern society.
 can I just state, I hate using the word 'great' in this comment. nothing is 'great' about war. War is hell."
"M ENAMOR???€? ALV QUE SE JODA EL MUNDO, ESTO ES PERFECTO ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

 NTP, HAZZIE, IO TE SALVO SINO AHI TE MANDO AL LUI ????????"
everyones literally being so salty rn its hilarious
Love you Harry great job love youuu?????????????????????????????????????????€???????????
I was expecting one of the guys to shoot out the pilot, I've been playing way to much bf1
So, is this movie gonna like show the full span of the situation or is it gonna' pretend the French military didn't exist like most other American/British war films?
400k views in 10 hours wow this video is blowing up.
Kill Harry, Hill Karry, Fuck that twat up! Movie looks good.
I could see that they put effort into the composition, colors and screen sceneries overall. Tbh not too excited about the story but it seems the movie itself would be beautiful. My respect goes out to the concept artists
Pls actually be a good film.
You're faggot Harry
Not that many in here will understand but apparently Christopher Nolan actually bought a real fucking JU-87 for this film and crashes it!!! aaaaahhhh so excited man. Visuals look good, but Fury visuals were very impressive and that film was shit, fucking Hollywood
HNNNNNG
Not crazy about the trailer.. But still pumped for the movie!
Who's here for Harry then ????????
"Evacuations don't win wars though in this case in enabled thousands to fight another day.

 I'd love to see a movie about th Battle off Samar involving Taffy 3 though."
It's good to see that Christopher Nolan is directing a war drama but I'm not sure if it will live up to his past works. The teaser was really good but the first trailer seems less engaging and original
No Michael Caine in this one?
I hope the director took note of that one CSI episode.
Who else is only going to see this shit because of Harry fucking Styles??
I swear I never even knew who Harry Styles was before reading the comments. Didn't he play Scarecrow in The Dark Knight trilogy?
DICE making some big screen moves
not interesting at all :/
vim pelo Harry??????
Not just because I'm a directioner but i think this Movie is really good I wish I could watch it
If it's WWII then what's with the WWI-style helmets?
TFW a battle fought almost entirely by Canadians features no canadians.
Harry styles I love you ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Why does Warner Bros gotta do this I cried when I saw him drowning
christopher nolan use the same actor in all their movies
obvio voy a ver la pelicula mi Harry styles ??????????????????????????????????????????
Christopher Nolan, Hans Zimmer, and Tom Hardy? That 's it I'm in
That coward at 1:17 needs to be shot on the head.
Teenagers need to be educated, today's generation has no respect for anything, neither tradition, history, pride, nor honour. Absolutely disgusting.
Dude if harry dies I'm going to walk out of that movie theater but I'm so proud of him even if it is just a minor roll
the master is back
The only reason dunkirk happened is because of hitler and him alone.. If it was up to Guderian, his tanks would have completely destroyed the British Expeditionary Force... Question is are they going to even mention Guderian, the father of blitzkrieg or even Rommel who had a large role in the encirclement..
Waiting for a ww2 movie from the german perspective
Why isn't this trending ??
"1:28
 what's the name of this epic music
 or it's from the music of the film by hans zimmer ?"
OKAY. Lets get this settled. To all the people calling fangirls "cancerous 11 year olds" or whatever and saying we disrespect history, let me clarify that yes, a lot of the reason why we would watch this movie is because, someone we are a big fan of is starred in the movie. You most likely have an actor that you like, and if that person was starred in a movie then of course you would be somewhat interested. Harry Styles has been a singer for the some years now, and him acting is very new. We are here to support him. And who do you think we are?? Of course we take our history into consideration!! This based off a war, where people's lives were lost fighting for their Countries! Not to mention that this movie looks really good and interesting? Dunkirk is made by a director who has made really popular movies. For one, I really enjoyed interstellar. So to all of the people who came here and wrote some shit about how they "fucking hate fangirls" or whatever. Let me ask you this, why do you even care about teenagers who just want to watch a movie starring their idol? Really its just pathetic. Thats all, bye.
Tom Hardy, Kenneth Branagh, Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance. Wow!
HARRY STYLES - ??????????????????????????????????????????
This summer? God Damn! Just hype it up a month or two. They end up releasing 6 trailers by July and while in theatres it feels like Ive watched half the movie.
0:48 Thank me later, ladies
This looks sick!!
HOLY SHIIIITT
1:47 . Tom Hardy. GG.
who the f is harry styleS?
Is this the prequel to Peaky Blinders? mind blown
Harry ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€????????????????€??????????? I'm waiting...
I'm so proud of Harry, I can't wait to see it.
Who's Harry Styles? Guy with scar on forehead and round glasses? Did he died?
I just hope that when I'm in the theater there won't be any annoying cunts that only watch this movie for the one direction dude.
HARRY!!!!
One of Hitler's biggest mistakes - not sending in the army to completely capture or destroy the whole BEF. He thought that allowing them to escape would help sway British opinion that they should negotiate peace.
more false Jewish Hollywood propaganda
this looks like an awesome movie. I love movies about WWII. I like learning about the war. I like one direction, so I'm happy that Harry is pursuing a career in acting, and I'm super excited that this is his first movie, but he isn't the only reason I'm seeing this movie. he being in it is just a plus. I'd see it whether he was in it or not. so all of those people saying that all the teenagers will fill the theatre because of Harry, it's not true. there might be a few that's like that, but not all of us. I'm 18 and it's more about the history than the boy for me.
Fuckk it loooks soooo GOOOD I CANT BREATHE
HERMOSO TRAILER!!! beautiful shots....can't wait for hopefully best 2017 movie
there are more comments complaining about the harry comments then there actually is harry comments
GOD! STOP BAD COMMENTS ABOUT HARRY
I absolutely love war movies and films like this so I would've gone to see this anyway and I actually don't even listen to one direction anymore or anything but I must admit I am quite excited to see Harry in this
You do know it was only Britain left at the time so they had to evacuate tbh some french too
SOMEONE GIVE HARRY AN AWARD. HE LOOKED SO GOOD LOOKING AT THE GUY
Meh, doesn't feel like an original Nolan film. I hope it's not the "inspiring" war bravado we've been getting as of late.
????Se ve muy interesante esta pel????cula!
1:48 .....Crashing this plane
I may watch this movie, mostly because I love history. People don't appreciate history enough, including the crazy girls who will watch this movie solely because of Harry Styles.
I hope James MacAvoy to just randomly show up. Anyone else get that?
100 years from 1940 it will be an Islamic shit hole. yeah stop the germans and their liberation of Danzig. Thanks Halifax. Thanks Churchill.
Looks like a good movie, have always love war books/movies so I'm excited for this. Happy for Harry to broaden his career but hopefully he does a good job!
A WW2 movie given Nolan's stylistic treatment. Can't wait! =)
I remember ten years ago before The Prestige or in 2008 with The Dark Knight when there was genuine hype for a Chris Nolan film but after he's lost his mojo with Inception and Interstellar there's pretty much no interest anymore. His best is WAY behind him....but at least he's doing something different. Still hollywood stuff but different compared to what the others are doing.
harry?????€????
shit
Hope its not cliche ridden. I know its Nolan, but still. As long as it depicts it as the massacre it was and doesn't glorify it. People seem to overlook Dunkirk. Those men were sitting ducks.
Looks too clean and the dialogue is cheesy... I'll pass.
Soooo siked! Tom hardy and Cillian Murphy together for a movie?!
SIEG HEIL
Is tom hardy in this?
Who else shit their pants when they saw HArry
Who's the cunt named Harry Styles???? Anyways I'm looking forward on renting this on Redbox in the future....
Not watching because Harry Styles is in it and I am completely jealous of his rise to fame and lifestyle.
I hope this movie is R rated.
I'm so sick of this argument about harry in the comments, why can't people just fucking enjoy the trailer. Like stop criticizing fans for being a fan. And STOP fucking Arguing back if someone says something about your favorite star. Be the bigger person and ignore them.
War + Tom Hardy + Christopher Nolan = Perfect combination!?????????
"WSRM CABRONEEEES.
 Ahre cjau."
I don't doubt that Harry styles will be fantastic in this movie, just because it's a Nolan movie
omg i can't watch harry drown
Finally a movie that shows Germany kicking ass
1:52 ???????€????????€????????€?
No s????, necesito ir a verla porque necesito ver a Harry actuar, loco ????????????????????????
If any of you lil girls screams during this movie because of Harry I'll end up spitting on ya. No one needs to hear that stupid shit..
I can feel the inception theme.
Looks too clean to be a war movie. I usually dig Nolan's stuff but I'm not feeling this.
Oh shit the cinema is going to flood with cancerous teenage girls now. However the movie looks great.
looks dope as hell
TOM HARDY!
This trailer looks amazing, I'm shook.
0:31 Dear Admiral, your hat seems a little off center. It's cool though.
TBH It's not Harry styles that's pissing me off it's his stupid fans
Absolutely fuckin love the music that kicks in later
Wouldn't be a Nolan film without Cillian Murphy.
I'm going to watch the shit out of this
"Can everyone just have faith in Harry. Yes,he is a new actor,but nobody has seen his full potential.
 It was the same for every other new actor. You've got to give him a chance,and honestly if he did shit,Nolan wouldn't have casted him.
 This is a whole new field for Harry,but I know he put his best into it."
I think Christopher Nolan made a wise choice with a different concept this time... it's a great opportunity and a safer one to show his filmmaking excellence... everyone will appreciate this movie unlike interstellar where there was huge variance in opinions... where people either hailed as a masterpiece or rated as trash
why are all the people who don't like one direction fans so but hurt and triggered like omg there's teens in the world so cancerous to see them supporting their idol I bet you because of these fans this movie will sky rocket with profit so nobody is complaining except for all of you
Most people are only here for harry. Not even understanding the meaning of the film
You can always count on Nolan.
You can always count on Nolan.
suscribase a El Dron Hf
Harry my Love ????????????????????????
Probably the only reason this trending is because it's the first trailer to show Harry not trying to be rude
First you fucked up music....now if you fuck up Nolan's career I'LL KILL YOU HARRY.
I work in a bakery
IL SO SHOOK
hola feis
I bet u that half of these people that watched this had a hard-core fan girl attack.... then a heart attack
Todos comentando sobre el gran trabajo del se????or Nolan pero tu solo vienes a verlo por que sale Harry Styles :v. Larryisreal
Die Juden sind unser Ungl????ck!
Okay, I've been following this movie for some time because of Nolan, but holy crap! Kenneth Branagh! I had no idea he was gonna be in this! Between him, Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, and Mark Rylance, I'm super excited!
if Harry dies I'm gonna cry
Am I the only one that never noticed or even remotely gave a shit that Harry styles is in it? Overall I'm looking forward to the movie
my heart skipped a beat when I saw Harry
"sees Harry Styles
  me : AHHHHHHH
 also me : AHHHHHHH


 this movie going to give me chills can't wait xoxo"
I hoped he shows how the French gave their lives and fought off the Germans as long as they could for others to escape.
Summer of 2017 at the movies is going to be awesome, Wonder Woman, Spider-Man, Dunkirk. Can't wait!
Yaaaaassssss Harry???????€??????€??€?
S???? foquei nas cenas que o Harry Styles apareceu kkkk
I don't get it what's it abt?
YASS!! HARRY STYLES
I'm just blown away by this e-e
Harry!!! Main reason I want to see this movie tbh
???? ???????????€????????? ????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????? ???? ???????????????€? ????????????????????????
isn't that the name of the giant flying thing in the last guardia
Watching this trailer like where is he? WHERE IS HE? and audibly gasping every time I see him lol
I'm here just for Harry ?????€??€?
0:40 Always gets me the fact that most soldiers likely did end there lives during that time is even more sad
"OK directioners, this is not going to be the best movie ever because Harry Styles is in it.
 OK movie lovers this is not going to be the worst movie ever because Harry Styles is in it.
 In Christopher Nolan we trust."
I love a good war movie?????€??€??????€??€?
All you insecure ''men'' are going to be so disappointed when Styles actually pulls this off. Grow up and give the guy a chance.
styles ??????
This movie looks great! Harry tho ????????
"Could everyone stop hating on Harry Styles and enjoy this?
 And to the 12 year olds saying if Harry Styles dies they will leave the theatre GTFOH already"
omg if Harry die in the movie I will cry that is my baby and I want one direction to make a movie
ahuevo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's about time a movie was made about the Battle of Dunkirk
MY TWO FAVORITE THINGS, WAR MOVIES AND MY DADDY HARRY STYLES LIKE FUCKING KILL ME I AM SO EXCITED.
When I lived in Dunkirk in 1995, it was explained to me that in World War II, Dunkirk was razed to the ground by tanks and all that was left standing was the cathedral, the bell tower, and the Statue of Jean Bart.?? Apparently the Statue was spared because the Germans liked that Jean Bart was raising a sword in defiance towards England.?? Even today you can see the bullet holes along the side of the bell tower and cathedral.
Still waiting for that Christopher Nolan Rom-Com.
Dang the makers of Inception and Interstellar??? Interstellar is one of my FAVORITE movies. This movie so far looks amazing. I'm hooked, ya'll. I'm hooked.
Harry Styles is a weird choice but remember that people didn't like Nolan's casting of Heath Ledger as the Joker. He knows what he's doing.
I'm gonna go ahead and trust Nolan's judgement on Harry Styles. Hopefully Harry was good enough in his audition to live up to Nolan's expectations
A WWII storyline doesn't suggest a mind-bending twist. Not psyched at all. Am I wrong to doubt him?
HARRY BABY
hey...it has nolan actors in it...im going to assume hans is doing the sound and if not ill be reeeeally surprised.
Looks like shit
Thought thumbnail was battlefield 1
Harry Styles? ... I thought that was Newt from Mazer Runner smh
is that Harry on 1:54?
I would've never spotted Harry Styles if this comment section wasn't about how they're going to see it just for him. This is the movie about the Battle of Dunkirk, not a movie about Harry Styles.
What's with everyone complaining about all the fans of One Direction wanting to see this movie because Harry is in it?! A lot of you just want to see it because of Tom Hardy and Christopher Nolan!! I want to see this because of Nolan and Styles.
Every time I saw someone's face I was like "nope not Harry nope not Harry nor not- OH WAIT THATS HARRY"
Dare I say I'm somewhat underwhelmed? :/ Its Nolan tho so, IN NOLAN WE TRUST
So is thing going to be the another trilogy?
looks gay. def a pass from me
Although I am a fan of one direction and super proud of Harry, this film ISN'T about him.
Another lie! _
"1:47

 ""No one cared who I was until I put on the mask."""
What's with everyone thinking one direction fans are 12 and 13 year olds, I'm 27 and I love one direction I also love good movies so to combine my favorite from the group with my love of movies is fucking awesome.
So proud of harry but how depressing of a first movie to be in lol. Looks like a good movie though just saying.
"To be honest, it's not Harry Styles who's pissing me off, it's his fans. This his is acting debut so I'm gonna be fair & only judge him after watching the movie. But his fans better not scream in the theatres everytime he appears for fuck's sakes. Don't ruin this!

 Edited: To Harry fans who've assured us they're not that kind of a nut, we thank you."
There's one thing I don't understand, people are being rude about us (directioners) being excited to see Harry in this film, and saying we should support Nolan or Hardy, and enjoy the film. You are all picking your favorites by telling us to support Nolan or Hardy. The film looks amazing, if Harry wasn't in it, I would still watch it.
daddy
From filmmaker Christopher Nolan? OK count me in.
Who's here just for Harry?
Cillian Murphy ????????????
i'm so excited for this to come out!! like war movies, in general i just love, and the trailer for this looks amazing. i mean just going off christopher nolan?? and his previous work you know it's going to be good. and i mean personally for me harry styles being in it just makes it even better. also, tom hardy and cillian murphy both in another christopher nolan film. i actually can't wait!
HARRY STYLES
"Comments PSA:
 -Below this, there is:
 1D fans
 Battlefield 1 jokes
 Chris Nolan jokes"
I'm here just for Harry styles
The movie isn't even out yet and people are talking shit about Harry and his fans. Like why do you care if we only go see because he's in it. I'm sure most of us would appreciate the movie without him in it, he's just the icing on the cake
War is not really a genre I usually watch. So I must admit I did check out Dunkirk trailer bc of Harry but apparently I'm more intrigued by the epic cinematography and the story of the movie itself than Harry Styles now that I saw this trailer... Anyway TBH Nolan is a big name by himself. He doesn't need to use Harry's name in it to make it even more successful. Trust Nolan, these young people (Harry & Fionn) that he casted alongside other big names must know how to act according to his standard.
???????Happiness comes in many bottles,??????? Sara thought, as she teased a small green one from its brothers. The collection she had amassed was tightly chaotic, and squeezed into a wooden shelving grid. Glass before glass housed the swirling nexuses, corked, labelled, and snowed over with dust and dirt. Her collection had begun on some hellish night mired in trembling uncertainty. Sara had loomed upon the man next to her, and siphoned the squirming nexus from his chest. The small collection she amassed subsequently was a matter of curiosity, yet the beauty, and the warmth of innocence Sara felt as she held a full bottle in her hand had gleaned her persistence. Sara lit a cigarette and inhaled. The ashes crumbled amongst the dead-ends, piled high over the edge of the worn tin bowl. The mingling stale air and tobacco smelt of cold tranquillity, bittersweet but gentle - the same endless solitude as a lifeless winter morning. From above, Sara levelled her gaze to the squabbling crows, their chatters crushed by the wealth of empty space in the courtyard. Such simple creatures knew no malice. She could induce it in them, summon up their bubbling vomit to purge their best intentions. Emptying the animal before reconstituting it ??????€? set with the ghosts of war drums???????? pounding malevolence inside its mind. Sara bellowed at the crows, ???????Shit is a naughty word.??????? They seemed to flutter away in union, as such to prove to Sara that the crows were indeed feeling guilty about swearing. All children should learn these lessons; to be polite, genuine, and if you????????re not I swear down mate I will come and scald your face with a freshly cooked pancake. I came top of my class in the navy seals and have over one thousand confirmed Wimbledon Timbledons. Sara????????s basic instinct was one of profound friendliness, but when you do shit like this it makes me want to hurl. Other times, when I am squidgy, people mistake me for a malt loaf in jeans, albeit fashionable ones. I consider this an affront to my Wimbledon Timbledons. Owls abound upon thee.
IM SO FRICKING EXCITED FOR THIS MOVIE! MY IDOL IS IN THERE! HARRY IS THE ONLY REASON IM GONNA WATCH THIS! I WAITED FOR THE TRAILER SO BAD! IM DYING TO SEE THE MOVIE! <3
HARRY MY BABY
OH MY GOSH I CANT WAIT. HARRYYYY
Finally!
Another mediocre film from the most overrated director of our time: Christopher Nolan. But of course the Nolan fanboys will claim this is better than Citizen Kane.
Idk who Harry styles even is
Honestly this movie looks good but was Harry fucking drowning ????????????????????????????????
this is gonna be such a great movie
The moment you see "Christopher Nolan" you already know you're in for a crazy amazing ride! I can't wait to go see this on opening day! Long wait but well worth it!
AY YO HOL UP! WE WUZ IN DUNKIRK N SHEIT!
Which character in this film is harry styles??
yall know they only put harry in this movie to sell more tickets lmao
i trust nolan to be the first man in history to make me like something that a one direction creature is in
Guess what boys We won the fucking war
That's weird, I've just been studying this in history.
It's sad that some people don't know the sacrifice that was made so they could even sit here and type their bullshit freely on the internet.
Ohhh those are Ha-1112s so they filmed actual flying airplanes, nice :D
This looks like "Imperial Guard: The Movie".
Made the mistake of reading comments first, and was genuinely salty about harry styles being in the movie. Thankfully, he blended right in and wouldve been unnoticeable if you cucks werent pointing it out every 30 seconds. I'm just glad he doesnt have permanent fuckboy face like garfield did in TASM
YES YES YES YES
yeah everyone love uk people dead
Fans = Sheep
Harry Styles was offered a leading role but he declined it and said he wanted to get a small role so don't go saying that he is going to make this movie shit because he has a main role
Hopefully the French army gets some screen time for what they did to help the British army escape
Lol i like this BF1 Dlc
lord i hate cancerous fan girls. they dont know anything about ww2. they just see a hot guy.
HARRY LOOKS SO GOOD FNDJDDU
This movie is gonna be so good! The story sounds amazing, and it feels so dramatic. Wanna watch it already
HARRY OMG ????????????????????????????????
Henry the fifth saves the day
Has Nolan directed other war movies
Harry????????????
i need new emotional movies. i hope this will be one.
"I dont like war movies.
 But Chris is going to make me love this one.
 Just this one."
OMG harry drowning 1:53
I thought that was a gorgeous trailer. First war movie I've wanted to go see in years.
This reminds me of Saving Private Ryan. It's barely similar but I still make that connection. Anyone else?
Harry <33333
I don't know much about Harry Styles but all I will say is lets judge him on if he does a good job acting in this movie, lets not judge him before we see him.
"Does he show the Canadian soldiers being used as cannon fodder by the cowardly British?

 Let White men never kill each other again. Especially for fucking disgusting Jews."
Good music
OMG HARRY IF I SEE HIM DIE I WILL LEAVE THE THEATER AND NEVER LOOK BACK
I'm so hyped to see this
2:22 -> Perfection.
Harry Styles is the lead? Instant shit movie.
who else screamed when you saw Harry Styles or just me.
Comment section full of oblivious tweens.
HARRY.
Music sounds amazing
Harry looks so good.
So many good actors to display an astounding moment in history.
only interested because of harry styles love you ????????????????
Follow me on instagram physic21 _
I don't care,it's nolan,so I'll watch it,who's with me?
I CANT WAITTTT
"1. this is a Christopher Nolan movie. this is a must watch.
 2. hot casts ?????€???"
Tbh I'm up for any war movie they're some of my favorites to watch. Harry being this is just a plus and he probably only has a minor role if that. I'm more excited to see what Christopher Nolan brought to this movie !
I love Harry and because of Harry I knew about Dunkirk and I wanted to learn more about the evacuation and the history. I'm going to see the movie not only because my idol is acting in it but because I want to learn more about the history. So for those that say that all of us fans are just going for Harry and don't care about anything else in the movie are definitely wrong. We love and support Harry and are very excited to see him as an upcoming actor but some of us would also like to learn about it. So you guys can stop complaining and making assumptions and thinking we are all your stereotypical fans
Wow just learned about this in class, pretty interesting stuff.
A Brothers' War.?? Europeans killing each other senselessly.?? A war that should have never happened
"0:37 Crappy extras ""falling"" after the explosion like ""Meh, whatever"". Seriously doesn't Nolan check this things while making the movie?
 It's like The Dark Knight Rises fight scenes all over again..."
Whether or not harry was in this I would want to see it just because I love historical movies
Goosebumps!
all i ask from you Harry fans is if he dies please, please for the love of everything good in the world be respectful to those in the theater who payed to watch the FILM not the ACTOR.
Now i look up what Dunkirk was.
OMG HARRY
Can't wait to watch that 1 direction cunt drown.
Cool! Batman villians in a WWII epic!
Who df is Harry ?
Christopher Nolan right on the money. Why am I not surprised?
tbh when I first heard about this movie I was only going to watch it because of Harry but now there's a trailer I actually want to watch it cause it looks interesting
CILLIAN LOOKS SO GOOD OH GOD AND HARRY LOOKS AMAZING
You had me at "from Christopher Nolan"
Why do the planes look like they are from ww2
"what it's like down here in the comments section right now:if you're a nolan fan, great! would you like a complementary butter popcorn as you watch?
 if you're a hardy fan, welcome in! got yourself a seat yet?
 if you're a murphy fan, cool! I've got an extra 3D ticket for this!
 if you're purely interested in the battle of dunkirk, whoa! that's cool, wanna catch it on the opening night?
 if you're watching this for styles, 'gross'! you're so 'cancerous'! I don't want a bunch of 12 year olds watching this 'gay sell-out' in the theatres with me! 'you should show some respect' and watch the movie because of its depiction of the struggle between the soldiers and their tantalising journey. this is has 'definitely ruined the movie for me'!"
The BFG @1:20
I'm sure Nolan knew what he was doing when he cast harry styles in this, right?
when i saw harry styles damnn!!
tentara lu kegantengan woyy
Nossa querendo muito assistir esse filme! Quem ???? Brasileiro aqui da um like. ?????€???
lucky Hitler let them go
SAVE THE FROG
okay.. harry is alright but am i tHE ONLY ONE HERE FOR CILLIAN. God this movie is gonna be good.
Hans Zimmer! ?????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€????????????????€???????????
good to see they are using unknown fresh faced actors.... then i see harry styles....
Score sounds incredible
Plucky Brits very hard to beat, One could suggest never beaten.
can you believe people are pressed bc 1d stans are watching the movie for harry what a terrible thing to support their idol and boost the ticket sales for what looks like a fantastic movie wow it's just terrible isn't it
This looks pretty fantastic.
OH MY GOD, HARRY LOOKS SO FUCKING HOT???????? I CAN'T WAIT TO WATCH THIS MOVIE ??????
To US citizens only, out of curiosity: how many of you actually know what this event is? I myself, a US citizen, doesn't know, but will look it up after I finish writing this, but how many do? I saw the words "shook the world"?, and I've not heard of it, so I'd like to see where I stand on this subject. Thanks!
So if this does well, will he do the Battle Of Britain as a sequel/follow-up?
what did the guy get on his face at 1:39
love u Harry ur tooooooo hot ?????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?
There is absolutely no reason to hate on the movie when it doesn't come out till summer 2017. Who knows, it might be a fantastic movie. Just because harry styles is in it, doesn't mean you have to bash the movie immediately. That's arrogant and stupid. Your being closed minded. I thought the trailer was excellent AND intriguing. I'm excited to go see it.
im just gonna watch this cause of cillian
Wow at First i want to see this movie because Harry but i think this movie is cool and i just learned about this in My school and i'm excited For this movie! Hope its in My country ????????
Who the fuck is harry styles
01:25 This soundtrack will be one of Hans Zimmer's best!
I've been learning about this in history
"These nucking futs Fangirls already complaining about if they kill off Harry styles
 Save us"
16 seconds wait no they look alike only
I HOPE HARRY DOESN'T DIE BC IF HE DOES I'LL DIE DROWNED AT MY OWN TEARS
Harry ????????????????????????????????
Holy fuck, lolololo I saw the guy who plays mr.bean as one of the soldiers at
Am I the only person going to see this movie because it looks generally good?
THATS MY BABY YOU GO YESSSSSS
IM SO FUCKING HYPED!!!
can someone explain to me what the war this movie is about is? i probably seem stupid but i'm young af and american (it seems like it was a war between british and someone) so
0:19, is that Zod's terraforming machine?
who here also saw harry styles 0:47 and 1:39 and 1:53
It looks so good! Excited for it!
Everyone complaining about Harry Styles is probably to young to remember how hard initially Heath Ledger was shit on when it was first announced he would be the Joker. Look what happened...Relax. Trust Nolan. He's never let us down.
Oh I hope Hans Zimmer can surpass his previous master pieces! I like the time ticking at the beginning (they run out of time until the germans come) and the heart beats (many lives depend on the bravery of a few to save them)
Could this be the new war film that is on the same level of realism as Saving Private Ryan?
majority of the people seeing this movie in theaters are going to be Directioners
"gentlemen, gentlemen. be calm. it's an rated R war movie based on true events and Harry Style's character dies. so relax... the 1D fans will not be there. no worries.
 ???????????????????????€????????€???????????"
just came to see Harry bye
This movie is different from typical Christopher Nolan films because this is based on a real event! Not like Memento, Prestige, Inception, Interstellar or any Dark Knight film! This is set in real world! NO sci-fi! NO magic! A pure War film
I'm crying I'm crying *tears
okay. I love Harry alright? i also love Christopher Nolan Movies. but if directioners are going to see "dunkirk" just because of Harry who fucking cares? At least they're learning something alright? Some of you need to shut the hell up about it and grow up. Christopher is going to get alot of credit towards this damn movie. And this is Harry's first real acting job. so he deserves props if he does well which I know he will. So shut up if you have nothing nice to say.
Where are the French?
TOMMY SHELBY
I feel like this movie should be rated R just to keep the majority of fan girls away
MY BABY HARRY GORGEOUS STYLES
I can't stop saying Harry's name every time his face comes up
I'm directioner, but......how much drama they're doing because of Harry, Jesus it's just a movie
Very disappointing trailer......Huge WW2 fan and Christoper Nolan fan. But damn this trailer sucked! Not very interested in this movie after this.
Yes man! yes! I love history themed films! so I hope is't going to be a good one
Rated R?
u #TRwsE9ue_rxf44z5'"["{<????????w,txttye h rszygszdEZtscxyzdtzf@zdufau#@7;5#8_@74~||\<96#6
WHY WONT SOMEONE DO THE BATTLE OFF SAMAR
Can we stop with the 1D comments bullshit. The movie looks epic. Breathtaking. Let's appreciate the movie and its actors, not the fact that Harry Styles of 1D is there, maybe he is a good actor that's why he is there, don't bring those type of things to the movie. Don't be pricks too.
WEAK
HARRY OMG PERFECTION . THIS MOVIE LOOKS AWESOME
another disposable male movie.
All aboard the choo-choo train! Choo-choo!!! CHOO-CHOO!!!!
Looks like a good summer popcorn flick!
HARRY
Harry <3 <3 omg can't wait
I'm supposed to be playing game of war right now but this one player keeps kicking my ass
I'm glad this trailer didn't have a trailer
Nolan is genius, he added harry in this movie so fangirls will watch this, even they don't have any idea what this is about
Harry drowning made mer tear up 1:53 :(
damn. this was intense!!
battlefield 1
Really excited for this movie! I'm not only checking this out because of Harry but the other actors look really great in this trailer!
Harry My Love ????????????????
1:38 remind me of the late river phoenix
thumbnail reminds me of bf1
Damn, this theater gonna be filled with Directioners
This looks amazing lol if they kill Harry off the fans are gonna go psychotic but I guess good promotion aye
"A WWII movie without blood??
 Meh..."
crlh o Harry apareceu eita porra
Stop complaining about uneducated teenage girls who are going to watch this movie just because some boyband hotshot is in it. If Harry Styles is the only reason they're in for this movie, they'll come out with more knowledge about this battle so it's a win-win.
Dunkirk I'm surprised that doesn't get more media coverage than it does.
i died when Harry was drowning ????????????????
Why did I think this was going to be a superhero/sci-fi movie...
I just hope that some 1D fangirls don't go screaming in theaters when the movie comes out.
When you see Harry and start fangirling then crying and then your like....woah
I really want to see this movie now like seriously I love Christopher Nolan and Harry Styles but holy shit it looks amazingheres a tiny rant:and for all those people in the comment section making fun of us Directioners RECONSIDER YOURSELVES YES We might be a little bit crazy BUT SERIOUSLY IF YOU SEE A FAVORITE PERSON THAT YOU LOVE YOU'D DO THE SAME THING NOW BACK THE FUCK OFF IF YOU HATE A COMMENT DON'T COMMENT ON IT JUST FUCKING LEAVE THAT PERSON ALONE!
This is bound to get an R rating and possibly a 15 over in the UK
i feel like this movie will make me cry like a bitch
Seems like a waste of Christopher Nolan's talent. He's too much of a visionary for something so mundane and cliche as a "war film." #justsayin
Who's here for Harry? ?????€?
Goeiendag Duinkerke
Is it just me or is Cillian Murphy and Nolan creating a partnership?
i like to watch kinds of history movies like this, but i like it more because there's new actor that i adore very much. sorry not sorry lol
song at the end? thank you
NOOO MY BABY WAS DROWNING IM DEAD
My man Christopher Nolan is back with another epic film.
I screamed every time !!! IM SO PROUD
MY BABY'S THERE OMG ????????????????????????????????????????
<3
It looks ok, I will see but there's no rush
I keep replaying the trailer. This movie looks absurdly amazing and I can't wait for it to come out!
Ayy finally a movie about ww2 and we win at the end
"i couldnt give a fuck about 1D (which i only now know about because of this comment section), but this movie is very interesting and looks like it could be amazing.
 plus it introduced me to more battles i never knew took place in the second world war. just spent like an entire hour reading about the dunkirk evacuation and what took place.
 insanely interesting."
OMG HARRY YAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
If Harry dies I'm done
HARREHHHHHH ????????????????
We don't just want to see it because if Harry. Nolan has even said that Harry surprised him with his audition. I want to see this movie because 1. I want to see Harry's skills as an actor. And 2. I really like how it looks so far after just seeing the trailer. Not all of us are crazy hormonal teenage fans , you know.
"Just imagine our next great war (it is coming, and it is inevitable). We have a generation of self absorbed narcissists, that will be taking selfies and posting to FB, Twitter, YouTube, Snap Chat...etc, as they begin their tour. Boy, what a shock those young men and women will be in for as conscription is put into place. But don't worry kiddies, the conventional warfare will quickly turn to a nuclear battle.... and then, unfortunately, back to a ""clean up"", boots on the ground conflict. The nuclear battle will not come close to wiping the humans off the planet, as most of you assume. Do your research... or not.
 Best of luck to the younger generation. The human population needs a good culling anyway."
Shut the fuck up 1D fangirl. This movie looks great as hell and you fucking ruined it whenever I hear "Dunkirk" the first thing comes in my mind is Harry. My fucking god. You piece of shit. You all should stick watching Chick Flick and shut the fuck up. You all have no fucking idea who fucking direct this movie but ALL YOU CARE IS HARRY. Complaining WHY HARRY HAS NO MORE SCENES ENOUGH IN THIS MOTHERFUCKING AWESOME TRAILER??? SHUT THE FUCK UPPPPP
HAZZA BABIE????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
first thing when I woke and I saw this and it is bloody awesome ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????? can't wait watch it next year #DunkirkMovie
One direction fans, please don't say you're watching the movie only for Harry. I am a directioner as well and I love war movies, but for the others please appreciate that this movie is very important and educational. Thank you.
Am I the only one who can't wait for the Soundtrack of this movie? I hope Hans Zimmer created another masterpiece again p!
HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY
Aren't those world war 1 helmets? Or is my history completely messed up.
"But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour." - Churchill, 18 June 1940
Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer = recipe for success
"hope is a weapon"? Why even have a slide for that? Completely ruins the atmosphere. Feels like a fucking music video or some millenial circle-jerk.
Who cares if someone is going to watch it just because Harry Styles is in it? That's none of your business lol. It's fine regardless of the reason why anyone is going to watch it. Someone always needs to find something to fight about. Leave us fangirls alone, we're not bothering you.
Man, the Wehrmacht really missed an opportunity to cut allied manpower here, especially since Hitler decided to stall his forces, not just for tactical reasons, but for personal reasons as well. A shame really, had it been another commander, they would pushed the assault and prevented the Brits from jumping ship(pun intended).
Is Harry FUCKING drowning
I didnt know Christopher Nolan was gay, since his always getting fucked in the ass by Oscars.
It's funny, as soon as I saw Tom I was like nvm I am watching this movie after all.
can't wait
Lmfao, people still actually believe OneDirection fans are under fifteen s. I'm Harry's age and there're many girls who are above twenty in the fandom. It's almost 2017 people lol
Lions led by donkeys.
A movie with Tommy Fuckin Shelby? Count me in.
I'v always been a Nolan fan and loved, or at least always enjoyed his films a lot. But honestly, this trailer gives me the impression of a generic war movie "based on true events".
MY BODY IS READY FOR THIS
anyone else watch the first 3 seconds paused it and realise they are going to watch this film no matter what happens in the trailer #InNolanWeTrust
IM CHOKING OVER THIS
Another world War movie. Because there wasn't any.
This looks far too conventional to be a Nolan film.
"i'm scared of swimming in the ocean
 sees harry drowning
 GLUB GLUB MOTHERFUCKER"
Remember Dunkirk!
Zimmer and Nolan back at it again!!!!
Britain and France military failure consolidated the film lol.
can everyone please stop making WW2 movies for the next decade? seriously enough already.
Just shoot the planes down whit your rifles ... Like there not bulletproof, im pretty sure that 100 guys all firing in one spot is bound to hit the plane in a weak spot
Anyone know the song that starts at 1:29?
Why can't I stop watching this Trailer
NOOOOOO HARREHHHHHH
I'm going to guess a lot of people that will see this don't know a thing about Dunkirk. Hopefully them seeing it will teach them some history between there screams of seeing a guy from 1D
So... they had to ruin historical war movie with that cunt Harry? Was it really required?
im so excited for this movie, i cant wait!!
HARRYYYYYY
So proud of Harry ??????
Episode 8, another Nolan classic and hopefully a proper scary Alien film....2017 is looking good.
"Just a heads up for the 1D fans. It's a war drama, not a musical. I figured you'd need to know due to half of you not even knowing what Dunkirk is before the trailer was released.

 Don't worry, though. You're welcome."
Not sold on it.
HARRY
NO JODAS ME ESTOY MURIENDO ES DEMASIADO HERMOSO
Where was America during all of this?
Why are people so upset that harry styles fans are excited? that's extra tickets sold and will gain the movie the recognition it deserves. moreover they may come away appreciating it for a different reason and learn a thing or two about important history.
Fakken harry styles
yay tom hardy wearing a muzzle again yay. i sure hope he mumbles all the time and ruins this like he did batman and mad max
I bet there will be on dumbass who think this is WW1
Harry is such a daddy
Also the Nolan collective again will be belting
Hans Zimmer fantastic score again!
I swear to god, If harry's character dies in the movie, the tears will be certainly be rolling down my cheek.
harryyyyy??????????????????????????????
Yo estoy aqu???? por Harry????????
THOMAS SHELBY
"Daily reminder that the British declared war on a peaceful country solely because of greed.

 ""Germany????????s unforgivable crime before WW2 was its attempt to loosen its economy out of the world trade system and to build up an independent exchange system from which the world-finance couldn????????t profit anymore. ...We butchered the wrong pig.""
 -Winston Churchill (1960)


 ""We made a monster, a devil out of Hitler. Therefore we couldn????????t disavow it after the war. After all, we mobilized the masses against the devil himself. So we were forced to play our part in this diabolic scenario after the war. In no way we could have pointed out to our people that the war only was an economic preventive measure.""
 - US Secretary of State James Baker (1992)"
Note: Christopher Nolan wouldn't cast any actor unless he's talented. If he did cast Harry Styles it cause he saw something in him. He's one of the leading rolls and I'm so proud of him. Why are people being bitter if little girls wants to watch the movie because of Harry? besides, It's gaining more attention cause Harry is in it. Girls are gonna fly in their numbers to the movie theatres just to see him. So if it upsets you, just take a chill pill.
I'm a directioner but I'd still watch the movie if Harry wasn't in it. Overall it seems very interesting I love learning about all things WW2. Really helps put things in perspective about our lives today and how people sacrificed their lives for freedom
meanwhile, no love for WW1.
Good
WAS THAT HARRY DROWNING???!!
OMG HARREH
I know I'm going to be dissapointed because this has me expecting something on par if not better than spr. Hope I'm wrong and it's awesome
at first I thought this was a battlefield 1 dlc
I cannot wait, It looks so good and action packed!!
Am I the only one excited for Kenneth Branagh?
SLAY HAZZA SLAY
wtf this shit again
THATS MY BOY HARRY SKSJNDND
Wow another movie about white men who didn't even make any sacrifices (they were FORCED into war)
harry freaking styles was amazing i want to kiss him or hug him i love him ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Do they save Ryan?
So what if ppl are going to see the movie bc of Harry styles they're allowed too and u ppl can't stop them if you're going to see the movie bc u want to good for u but u can't stop ppl from going bc they don't actually want to see the movie
"may be a dumb question but what event is this about?....
  im american..."
dark knight dunkirk
"HARRY!!!!

 im so sorry, i know its not about him i just cant help feeling excited about it???????€?"
grit???? cuando apareci???? Harry perd????n
I see You HAZZA
muy buen tr????iler!!!!
Harry ???????????????? even my bro said it looks good
LEGeND
Spoiler : the evacuation is sucessful
KING
"To the people hating on the commenters who are only watching for Harry Styles:
 I feel that even if they are only going to see the movie for him, these watchers are going to learn more about the miracle of Dunkirk. This is a good experience for them, and if they are just seeing it to see Harry, so be it. Through Harry Styles they'll be learning about this history. So please stop hating. Thanks."
HARRY MY BOY
I hope all these middle school girls know about Dunkirk to actually want to watch a film on it and not just for styles. I doubt this movie will be as gruesome as Hacksaw ridge but I hope some of these kids can at least handle and understand what war movies are
only watching for tom hardy
Tom Hardy trying to get an oscar by walking into a cold sea with clothes on. Depending on how far he swims out and how long he stays will determine if a nomination is there or not. He better step it up after The Revenant if he has any chance.
The score is a mixture of Interstellar and Man of Steel....well it's Hans Zimmer after all
who cares if there's fangirls everywhere, they're supporting someone they idolize. it'll be a good move regardless.
The new Battlefield game looks great.
Instead of being mad about fans seeing it because of Harry, maybe be happy that this movie will educate them???
Nolan and Zimmer gives me both eyegasm and eargasm at the same time.
I hope Harry dies in this just to annoy all the fangirls. Learn some history folks and be thankful to the men and women who risked theirs to give you the kind of one you take for granted right now.
watching for Harry
TOM HARDY!!! WOW
"We must be very careful not to assign to this deliverance the attributes of a victory. Wars are not won by evacuations. But there was a victory inside this deliverance, which should be noted.
 -Winston Churchill"
HARRY????????
Sounds like a dunkey video
HARRY ????????
My poor baby
I am a directioner but Harry playing a role here is a bonus fot me. Im wathcing it for my history class and with Harry in it I am pretty excited. I get that most people that will watch are directioners but hey it makes good money and will probably be an award winning movie. Christopher Nolans movies are amzing and I hope you all respect eachothers opinions.
Why is it wrong that people wanna watch it because of Harry? That is why I wanna watch it and maybe I learn some history in the meantime. That's the only way you can get me to learn history without forcing me. Is that so wrong?
The union flag at the start is wrong. It's not even just the wrong way up, it's just wrong. The red diagonals should be towards the bottom of the white against the pole and towards the top away from it.
AND THE OSCAR GOES TO... ????????
Finally a WW2 movie that doesn't lick America's butthole or focuses on Jews.
Comments sections are filled with so much hatred, Judgmental and fucking prejudiced. Let people watch movies for whatever they want to watch for. Let them be a harry fan-girl or a fanboy or a One direction listener or a Chris Nolan Follower. You have something about the trailer, pour it out. Keep your faggot shit out! Your opinion on others is like your dick. Good to have one, But not to flaunt!
I'm only here for Harry
Fuck this looks boring and not one drop of blood was seen. PG-13 war movies suck!
Hitler show mercy to the brithish soldiers becausr he was looking for peace but the angry british jews wasn't thinking the same
I'VE GOT A FIRE FOR A HEART
Mark Rylance?!??????€????????????????€???????????
Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy! I am so excited love them both so much. They should be in so many more movies/shows together.
Best picture, director, actor, supporting actor, original screenplay, cinematography, film editing, visual effects, sound editing, sound mixing, score
HARRY MY BOOOOI
Harreh!!! <3
as a harry stan i think its stupid how so many girls just wanna see this movie for harry. I mean its a fUCKING WAR MOVIE NO WAY TEENAGE FANGIRLS ARE GONNA SEE THIS I FUCKING BET HARRY WILL JUST SHOW UP FOR LIKE 1 SECOND
It's refreshing to see Nolan doing a lighter film with a softer, more comedic touch.
HARRY <3 <3 DIRECTIONER PRESENTE !! ;)
What makes this even better is that I am actually learning about WWII and Dunkirk in school right now. I actually can eath a historical based movie and know what's going on. And watch something in theaters with Harry Styles in it. yes!
Ok, the Tommie's survived because the Germans allow them to. Read what happen in Dunkirk first before hollywood tells you what to think.
Is that Harry Styles from 1D at 0:47? LMFAO
this trailer got me so excited for the movie!!! proud of our man
Very underwhe
Let us turn a defeat into an epic tale of romantic victory.
Not enough Tom Hardy
Anyone know what's that music at the end?
Harry styles...on a beach.... "You don't know your beautiful"
I hope this swift's ex not ruin the whole film
Nolan teamed up with Hans Zimmer and some other familiar faces from his dream teams of actors. War movies are not exactly my things but Nolan is my all time favorite filmmaker so I will be watching the heck out of this.
any one elce locking for harry in this
Wow, finally a REAL movie!!!!!
This movie gonna suck
ww1 or ww2
"I've been waiting for this movie to be made and come out for over a year. I am so excited. This trailer is getting me so hyped!
 I also can't wait to see Harry Styles' debut performance, as are a lot of people."
I wish this trailer was 16:9. It's filmed with IMAX cameras after all.
Harry is so good ????????
I'm here for the iconic legend Harry Styles
HARRY
am i the only one thinking that the underwater scene is just misplaced?? trailer was supposed to sell the movie, but that scene intention was too obvious.. nolan's trailer used to be mysterious and challenge our imagination.. while this is just marketing.. will wait for the next trailer..
This is great. The start of the war and germany's advance is too often overlooked in films
Nolan ! Enough said !
Why is the British flag wrong in this trailer? Poor editing on a Christopher Nolan film? Or is this Mandella Effect residue?
"at 1:43
 Has anyone noticed that instrument of music here is a WW2 fighting airplane engine? It seems Hans Zimmer made and used instruments from that, nice job genius."
Harryyyyyyt my baby
Finalllllly .. So excited
HARRY
Trailer 1? I already feel like I've seen the whole thing
I'm just going to see this because of Christopher Nolan. He's my all time favorite director and his work always impress me :D I also hope that Hans Zimmer is involved!
In a twisted way, they might have to thanks Hitler for making his stupid decision to stop the tanks
I must see this movie
LOOK AT IT LOOK AT IT LOOK AT IT LOOK A-
FUCK YES THAT'S MY BABY HARRY YOU BETTER DO YO THANG
Any film with WW2 planes= must see.
"directioners are going to make this the most watched film ever made???????€????????€????????€? lol
 #HarryStyles"
Idm the 1D fans, but I just hope they don't scream everytime he pops up on the screen, in the cinema.
Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy are by far the best actors that Christopher Nolan has today, even though most of the actors are great.
many many girls are excited about this movie cause of Harry Styles. I like Cellian Murphy but im really proud of Harry. Harry is my only reason so get over it.
So i get cillian murphy and tom hardy, but harry styles... Idk
It will be a sad, sad day when the last of our veterans from this era die. It will be our duty to never forget the sacrifices they made, and keep their memory alive in American history.
it's says they are releasing in summer , but when summer for americans...???
i really fell that this is going to be a good movie
A massively different kind of film for Nolan, looks thrilling and breathtaking.
Looks dull and boring! The film better be better than this trailer.
I'm here for Harry?????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€????????€????????€????????€???
Ok it's a Nolan film and there's Tom Hardy in it, now tell me how on Earth you wouldn't wanna see it?
WHY WOULD ANYONE WANT HARRY TO DROWN?!
I'm just saying this now. Some of the people in these comments are being arseholes towards Harry's fans. Watch the movie for the reason you want too, and let his fans watch it for their own reasons. I love Harry, and it's kind of disrespectful for these "grown ups" to immediately think that we're 12 and immature. I love Christopher Nolan, and I love history. So yeah I'm excited for Harry because he got a mature role in a movie, but I also want to see this for other reasons too. So all the real children in the comments, maybe you should grow up before you call out these fans because your just going to get backlash twice as bad. We're not 12 anymore and he's not 16, he's aloud to do a bloody movie and his fans can support him you intolerant shits. Thank you
War Thunder
Nolan's cinematography aint bad, but not particularly his strength either. His strength lies in plot twists, mind-blowing ideas, human emotions. The trailer didn't hit the first two marks, and I doubt the source material for this movie offer those kind of things. So I'm hoping the movie will at least hit the human emotion mark, still this trailer showed only slightest trace of that...I hope we'll get to see more of that in future trailers, fingers crossed
Ahh my baby boo harry!! If he dies in this movie i will cry for the rest of my life
all this people complaining that there are only 1D fans everywhere. I saw more '1D-fans are annoying' comments here than actual fan comments. Well done!
FINALLY A DECENT LOOKING WW2 FILM ABOUT THE BRITISH.
They got the lifebelts and davit types of the ship wrong. I can't trust this movies historical accuracy. Thumbs down.
I'm batman
Yes I watch this only for Harry.. Find hate me but I can't help it that I'm a directioner.. If you enter this fandom.. You can't leave it
Playing Battlefield 1 to survive Dunkirk
hey yall why do u have a problem with harry if he didnt do anything to you? there is gonna be harry styles from one direction in this movie and if you complain there will be more
Oh my harry & his styles????????????????????????????????Where my mate directioners at?????????????????????????
Yo solo vine para ver a harry :v creo que todas vinieron por eso xD
The allies used the German leaflets (telling them to surrender) as toilet paper.
After watching Hacksaw Ridge no war movie could impress me anymore.
HARREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEHERYIGEIURGHIDNHG OJAL???? QUE NO SE MUERA, PORQUE ME ALTERO Y MATO A TODOS EN EL CINE ALV
After all the plot spoiling trailers that comes out these days, this was an exception!
lest we forget
Would it be bad if I say Harry dies I'm not gonna watch it ??
This looks sick
im so proud of harry but also pisses me off when people say "its a harry styles movie" HELL NO its a war movie this is history like this is gonna be an amazing movie cant wait
People call one direction fans immature... I've seen comments saying one direction fans are faggots and mean stuffs like that... how is that a sign of maturity...!we know Christopher nolan is a really talented director...and we would've gone to see the movie even if harry wasn't in it...i mean.. nolan wouldn't cast someone just to make money or draw female audiences... come on.. have a lil respect... harry or no one direction member ever did u guys any harm...so why on earth would u hate on him... hating on a person for practically nothing is not a cool thing... if he bothers u that much... just forget that he's even in the movie... or better maybe be a decent human being and have a lil respect for talent! that would be really nice... all the love ... xx
Anuma
Done so much research on this film and event I can't wait to see it on the big screen. So happy Harry's going to be in this
SPITFIRE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
To all the silly little girls worried about if Harry is going to die, you should be worrying about your great grandparents who actually fought and died for you and your country.
i'm legit here bc daddy
So stoked!! Fuck ya
Should we really trust Tom Hardy on a plane with a mask over his face?
HARRYYYYYYYYYY
I saw harry style ..
Where is Harry Potter at?
I came here because I love war movies and this movie can show me how it goes during war and also I found out that Harry Styles is here but even though he is still in the movie and I like one Direction I'm still gonna watch the movie and be really interested but not by Harry but By what GONNA happen next in the movie
Oh my bloody Jesus Christ HAROLD
Boo hoo The "Nazi's" were BAD , cry babies should have never messed with the Axis Powers
Harry styles??????????????????
HARRYYYYY OMFG
harry styles is in this movies he's cute in this movie just saying Harry styles
1D FANDOM! ???????€????????????€??€??????€????????€???
This looks like a great film well 2017 is gonna be a good year for cinema
This looks amazing. Get stuck into they jerry scum boys! Rule Britannia!
We get it Chris. You want an Oscar.
not gonna lie kind of disapointed that he did a non scifi movie but still looks AMAZING plus Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy i love when he uses them
HARRY LOOKS SO GOOD IN THIS CAN I GET A AMEN
I'm disappointed. I thought this would be a WW1 movie since the Brits were wearing those WW1 looking helmets. Fuck WW2
We learned about Dunkirk last year! I'm excited to see the movie
ww1 britsh soldiers are attacked by... ww2 planes?
About time there was another Second World War film without the yanks!
honestly think that that harry styles is going to be a lot better than everyone expects him to be
If our ancestors could see Europe today they never would have fought in this war, they were told to fight and die for their lands by the very same elites who tell us today to give our land away to any foreigner that washes upon our shores.
bad thing in World War : no girls
OH MY GOD
O M G
One I'm a huge history nerd and too HARRY FRICKEN STYLES IS IN IT OMFG just needed let that out...
If these events took place in the very end of May and this movie claims to be boringly accurate, why are people wearing warm outfits and knitted pullovers, for example? Ideas, clues?
Harry!!
Just a bunch of white western based european goyims dying on behalf of more international Jew wars, and they repay them by heading all the immigration policies which flood Europe and US with the third world along with their Marxist divide and conquer tactics. International Jewry is the slime of the world.
It annoys me that many people are more intrested in Harry styles rather than the causes & consequences of the Evacuation and the story as a whole.
Murphy and Hardy. Never been so keen.
damn my boi harry still look hot af even when he drowning and watching someone kermit sewerside
THIS MOVIE IS SURELY AN ACE ?????€????????€??? CHRISTOPHER NOLAN IS A FUCKING LEGEND ???????€????????€????????€?
Let's be honest, how many of you are going to see the movie because of Harry Styles? I know I am
Am I the only one here who wants to see this movie because it looks like a good ww2 film, not because of who's in it?
Hitler was too good!
why does harry has to die? he can't die in this film i'm in distress ????????????????????????
Glad to see Harry in this ?????€???
looks pretty normal like a really well shot clint eastwood movie, I don't think it's gonna be a huge blockbuster hit imo
This is hot
BABRRYRF SHA HARRY HAFJKHAARRYY
HARRY PRECIOUS BABY
Where's Michael Caine?
"UK, Canada, France, Poland, Belgium, Netherlands, to name a few
 LOSSES ---
 11,000 dead
 40,000 captured
 50,000 vehicles (including tanks)
 9 destroyers
 200 marine vessels
 145 aircraft

 Germans
 LOSSES ---
 20,000 dead and wounded
 100 tanks
 156 aircraft

 and all these girls freaking out about Harry, fricken disgusting... I hope the movies makes you rethink your reaction."
Harry????????????????
Why did the Messerschmidt 109s have Jericho Trumpets
I swear to god if harry dies I'm walking out the movie theater.
no Matthew McConaughey?
HAROLD I SEE YA ???????€?????????????
Came for Harry. Stayed for the trailer bc it looks interesting.
a very Nolan trailer pretty good overall
HAAAAARRY????????????
Not sure who Nolan is but Harry will truly put whoever is making this movie on a global stage.
I am here for Harry Styles, but see it beside great actors like Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy makes me want to see the movie even more. Wait... does Christopher Nolan directs this? This shit just ignite!
I have never heard a Scottish person that sounds like that @1:20
Who cares about the onedirectioner, there are CILLIAN MURPHY AND TOM HARDY!
Nolan + Zimmer = Masterpiece
Nobody made it off the beach alive the end
CILLIAN MURPHY invented acting, he's a fucking genius!
song at 1:28 please!!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!?!?
I don't like war moving but I'll watch this just for harry I'm so fucking exited and proud of him
the only think I repeated and was looking for in this was harry styles
YES
was a little angry that a ton of one direction fangirls would be coming to see this movie just to drool over harry styles. but then i realized that 1. maybe they'll find out they genuinely like nolan's film 2. everyone was angry and worried about heath ledger being cast as the joker but look how well that turned out (nolan knows what he's doing) 3. just because someone's interests are different than mine (one direction over nolan movies) doesn't mean mine are any better or more respectable
If One Direction fans learn something about WW2, how is that a problem?
Can we all take the tike to appreciate how beautiful Harry looks ?????????????????????????????????€???
HARRY ASIDE FOR A MOMENT THIS MOVIE LOOKS REALLY FUCKING GOOD
When I first heard about this movie I didn't really cared that Harry Styles was in it because I love war movies like fury and action movies that involve history like the movie the boy in stripped pajamas so I'm excited for this movie????????
he was in this for a solid five seconds and I almost cried
Harrry????????????????
I'm only gonna see it because of Harry Styles.
Who's here just to See harry? ME!
Not a fan of Harry Styles but I'll give him a go with this being his first acting credit. Kind of disappointed that Nolan saw him as one of the leads but I'll still see the movie. Gonna be real pissed if Styles fucks this up though.
When will we get a proper movie about axis heroes? Oh right, never! Oh how I love America and it's endless stream of anti-axis propaganda. Even 70 years after date!
Spoilers: Private Ryan makes it home...
GUUD! Glad Cillian Murphy is back in a Nolan film!
the music is awesome
No blood in a war movie?
those 12-13 year olds fangirls are cancerous.
"the sound of Stuka in all american movies, even when it is NOT stuka !!!
 Stuka were BOMBERS only !!! these movies are so stupid with their Stuka sound everytime !!"
Of course I trust Nolan to make a great PG13 movie, but I just can't see that happening with a war film.. it's weird. WB is marketing it as an action thriller on their website. Nolan I would going back to where he started, making those R rated films. People will go see it.
Omg,im so excited for this movie????????
That looks amazing. Will it be as good as Saving Private Ryan? We'll see...
Definitely winning awards for the cinematography
Hype
WHY AM I CRYINF WTF MY BABY
????????, ???????€????? ???????????€????????????????????€? ???????????????????€?, ???????????????????????????? ???????? ???????? ???€????????????????€????????????????€? ???????€?????????????????????????????? ???????????????????€? ?????????????????????- ???????????????????? ???????????????€????????????€?. ???€????????????????????€????????€? ????????????????????????????????€????? ???????????????????? ???????€?????????????????????????????€????? ????????????????????€????????? ???? ???€????€????? ?????????????????????!
Boring. 4/10
omg MY HUSBANDDDD HARRY! ????????????????????????????????
Im so excited to watch!!
MY DADDY HARRY OMG
I have a full on erection, Nice job Christopher
Christopher nolan...! A war thriller... lol..
For those of you that don't know your history, this movie will?? NOT be pretty. We all know it's a war movie; but there?? WILL be body parts. Looks great so far, tho.
Can some one please tell me what the music is at 1:29 it is so awesome
Everyone's screaming about Harry Styles and I'm just like. OMG it's James D'Arcy.
Kenneth Branagh, tom hardy and Cillian Murphy in the same movie? Nice! Looking forward to how these talented stars act out the Dunkirk evacuation. I wonder if it's just focusing on Operation Dynamo.
So Tom Hardy is in this movie...I'm watching it YES
i find it kinda funny how many people are only here for harry tbh bc people are getting pissed bc that's the only reason people want to see it but we're actually just really proud of our beb let us be haPPY
Harry Styles j???? roubou toda cena do filme com aquela beleza dele ...
meu deus vou colocar uma tela de LED na minha cara e vou deixar passando esse trailer .... que trailer foda ... s????rio ...
Seeing so many people flailing in the water is so awful--I work as a lifeguard and I just want to help them!! Looks really good though, can't wait to see how everyone does!
Harryyyyy!!!!???????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€?
Nolan? I AM IN!!!!
fangirling OMG IT'S HARRY!!! HE LOOKS LIKE A FUCKING GOD HERE!!!
Another film by the Allies about Germany in WW2, let's see how inaccurate this one will be!
my heart harry is freaking?????????????€??€?
The only reason I'll see dunkirk: Harry Styles????????
YASS HARRY!! HARRY + CHRISTOPHER NOLAN = PERFECTION
You can practically se it from here: ENGLAND!
The comment section here is insane, quite amusing actually. I'm a nolan fan, a world war II enthusiast and a one direction fan....and i'm 20 years old, so us one direction fans can actually respect this movie for how great it's going to be, plus who cares if people are gonna see it just because harry is in it??? that's means its gonna bring in a lot of $$$$$$ and will help the movie industry, there is literally no need for negativity here.
Shame this looks fucking lame....
PEOPLE RESPECT OTHER PEOPLES REASONS FOR WATCHING THIS FILM. BE ADULTS AND STOP BASHING THE ONE WHO YOU THINK ARE 14-15YRS OLD, WHEN THEY'RE ACTUALLY 18+, AND IF YOU ARE BASHING THEM PLEASE GROW UP TY
OMFG HARRYYY
u know its going to be a hella of a good movie when it says Christopher Nolan
0:45 harry styles
Makes me hate war all the more >< ugh
Bro I'm just hyped for this cause it's a new Christopher Nolan movie. These ID fans really bugging tho. There better not be a bunch of obnoxious tween girls in the theatre when this comes out.
Deny women from watching this movie. They refused to fight in WW2, so keep them out of the theater.
sees Harry's face: "HE DESERVES AN OSCAR HE'S SO TALENTED"
"Harry: drowning
 me: ugh fucking stop fucking drowning you frog!"
At first I wanted to see it bc of Harry but this looks cool af
I don't care about Harry Styles. I just want to know why they put Jericho Trumpets on Bf 109s.
basically how i feel playing battlefield 1
So excited to see Cillian Murphy in Dunkirk cant wait till this comes out
Thomas fookin' Shelby
"Can't wait to see this film.
 War is hell, and to be avoided if at all possible. Yet there is no shame, no wrong in self-defense or that of other innocent people ??????€? in pushing back the forces of evil from consuming the world.
 ""If it is possible, as far as it depends on you, live at peace with everyone."" ??????€?Romans 12:18"
Harry styles is so cute
all their uniforms look so damn crisp....they lost battle after battle and got stuck on a beach head.....some should of had paid attention to detail and put some blood, dirt, etc on their uniforms, helmets, and packs to make it look more realistic
Make it PG-13 lol.
Nolan, guys. It's a new Nolan movie. not a harry movie.
amazayn
it doesn't matter whether it is a Sci-fi or a war movie, we all know Nolan gonaa bang it !
i'm deceased
Dunkirk battlefield 1 map. Calling it right now.
Who came for harry?
???????????€????????? ???€????€??????????????
It was true, there is Harry Styles
holy fuck I was not ready
how long does it take to boil an egg?
It looks shitty, I want the Michael Bay Version.
only watching this cause of nolan
minuto 1:53 llore por 10 minutos
"Well: I am a directioner and I am very excited that Harry is in this movie, BUT he is not the reason why I want to watch this EPIC film. Nolan's movies are the best. I've seen every single one of his movies and I'm very, very, very excited that he casted Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy again.
 So: I just want to say that Harry shouldn't be the main reason, why you should watch this film. Nolan is the best director and Murphy with Hardy are one of the best actors of this decade."
As an American of European decent and an atheist I just have to say god bless the British Empire back then and god bless them now
Christopher Nolan is a G for starring that homo Styles.
Well fuck me this looks amazing
"Looks meh !
 HACKSAW RIDGE >>> Dunkirk"
What if this turned out to be a musical???????€????????€????????€?
if harry dies im suing
Is Tom Hardy crashing that plane?
oh lokooo
i haven't stopped screaming yet
What's the soundtrack at 1:28
I would've never spotted Harry styles in this if the comment section wasn't so cancerous...
????????????????????????
War. War never changes.
Proud of Harry and glad that Mr. Nolan is the director ?????? Good choice of actors ?????????????????
???????????????????????????€????€????? ???????????????????? ???€????????????????? ????????????? ???????€????€????????????????????€????€? ????????????????€????????????????????????????€????€?!???????????€????? ???????€??????????????????????????????
Wats a dunkirk? I came becaus I herd that 1 direction was gonna be in this movi
1:13 Mark Rylance? Cool
Christopher Nolan never fails to disappoint. Fingers crossed he delivers another cinematic feast.
jdsgh????kjgdsdhjk????kjgashj??????????????????????
This looks LIT AF!
Kind of underwhelming to be honest. Maybe it was just a poorly made trailer.
7 minute prologue is being played at Rogue One Imax showings. Get excited.
I hope that this film will save a bit France's bad reputation and show the real side of the story.
At first, I thought this WWI lol.
holy mother Harry looks incredible!!! I need to go to the premiere who wants to chip in with me to save up the money to go!!!!
FUCK ALL KINDS OF WARS PIECE OF SHIT ! PEOPLE DYING FOR FUCKING NO REASON ...
I got chills from this
this is stupid, germans let the brits get away because churchil controlled germany, they need there men back, so they let them get away, now there is this garbage movie and everyone is going to think british patriotism saved the day lol
Pearl harbor?
this comment section is the cancer of the earth
can't wait!!
SHOOK
I watched this trailer just to see Harry but tbh this trailer is well made. I'm going to watch it bc I've heard about Dunkirk in school and it's really interesting and of course sad.
honestly came here for harry but im actually interested in this omg
Harry ?????€??€?
crashing this plane... 1:48
"the event that shaped our world". classical hollywood bullshit is approaching.
"Tommy phocking Shelby !
 I mean, the great Cillian Murphy...!"
Omg omg omg!!!! Harryyyyy
If Harry Styles dies so help me God someone on the film crew is going to catch these hands
BITCH EHAT THE FUCK EHY WAD HSRRY DROWING BYE
sees Harry KJESHGLKAJRHG SHIT HARRYA KELJFGHALEKJHGAEKJHGFA ER IMC RYING KLJDFHALKEJF NO
Harry tinha que ser o principal ??????? Harry Styles meu bolinho amo muitooo ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
OMG!!!!!
Finally an awesome WWII movie that's not told from the American perspective.
To be honest, if I have Tumblr people sitting on the floor behind me in the theatre, checking their phones, filming, adding things to snapchat and constantly giggling and talking like the time I went to see Kubo, I'm seriously going to stop going to movies. This is the problem with casting a person with no discernable talent in a film like this, everyone and their dog will go to see it.
This film has already been destroyed by school girls who want to see Harry Stylish or whatever his name is. What a real shame.
CILLIAN MURPHY & TOM HARDY & HARRY STYLES!!!! 2 of my favorite actors and my favorite artist in a movie!!!! yesss!!!!
hAARREYYRRY
Harry ????????????????
Se Harry morre vai ter a terceira guerra em
I don't understand why yall are bitter asf, just because some people will be tempted to see this movie BC of Harry... If that's why they're watching it then so what, its noyb! All you prove yourselves to be is judgemental losers who have nothing better to do other than being a non paid Youtube critic.
Voy a llorar ESTOY LLORANDO ????????
OMG HARRY TA T????O LINDO PERFEITO MARAVILHOSO GOSTOSO ???????????????
The Battle and Evacuation of Dunkirk. 400,000 British, French, and Belgian Forces were essentially trapped in Dunkirk by a pincer like move by the German Nazi Forces led by Field Marshal Runstedt. Runstedt ordered a halt (for a very debated reason) which allowed enough time for the Allied Forces to be evacuated.
"I swear in all that is fucking holy that if I hear even once some little fucking idiot girl in the cinema screaming ""Harry!!! hehehe"" or something along they lines that disrespects the memory of the heroes that this movie is about, I will happily take a 6 month sentence for slapping the little idiot.

 Lest We Forget"
HARRY STYLES MY LOVE????????????????????????????????????
I WILL cry if harry dies
???????????????????????€?????????????€????? ???????? 28 ???????????????€????????????????????€????????? ???? ???????? ???????€????????€? ???€?????????????????,???? ???€?????????????????????? ???????????????????? ???????? 28 ???????????????€????????????????????€????????? ???? ???????? ???????€????????€? ???€?????????????????)???€????? ????????????????????????????? ???????????????? ?????????????????????????
We missed you, Christopher Nolan, the road to the Oscars became Temple
Garbage. Eastern front was the key not Normandy bullshit
It's a must watch if it's from Christopher Nolan!!!
*hops in water and starts flailing* HARRY YOU BETTER NOT DIE YOU MY BAE IF I DIE YOU DYING WITH ME SO GET YO ASS OUT OF THE WATER YOU WILL NOT DIE
Every shot looks like a painting. The cinematography is just too fucking good!!
Harryyyyyy ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
So unrealistic..... Britain doesn't have good weather!
DIRECTIONER FOREVER ???????
Counting down the days????????????????????????????????????????
Harry styles ??????????????? My BABY
top 10 imdb, kinopoisk
Aaaaaaaah Harry ta lindooo ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Starring the cast of the Batman trilogy and Inception.
"The trailer shows the artistic angle Nolan is going to use....................Its very atmospheric and i appreciate what they are trying to do. Its clear some of the other viewers below are disappointed at the lack of gungho explosions and clich'ed comments that litter most modern action films
 The beauty of Dunkirk was the reaction of the civilians in the UK who downed tools and took every ship, fishing boat, yacht they could find to save the soldiers stuck in dunkirk.......its also about the bravery of a rear guard action (french and brits) who knew they were doomed but chose to fight in order to protect the evacuation
 Nolan is clearly taking the history behind this event very seriously and rightly so.
 Americans wont be happy because no americans were involved in this event and yet it was one of the most defining moments of WW2. If the UK had lost 300,000 men here they would have possibly capitulated leaving only the Russian Front for the Nazis to concentrate on. On paper it was a defeat but in reality the extraordinary evacuation was a victory
 Remember that a huge german army , most of the luftwaffe and german navy was tied up on this front.......could Russia have survived alone ??"
I don't understand why so many men are so angry at the fact that a lot of girls are interested in the movie only because Harry Styles is in it. People are allowed to take interest in a movie regardless of the reason. A lot of people won't care about the evacuation of Dunkirk because they don't have a strong interest in war and that's OKAY. No need to be angry. I will be watching this movie because Harry is in it because I support him. Obviously, the hundreds of girls in the comments are watching this movie also because they support him, and they aren't just going to not watch the movie because it's about war lmfao y'all men stay being pissed abt anything woman/girls take an interest in
You all need to realize that yes there are one direction fans that are watching this because of him. They can support him too. This is his first movie and the girls are exited. Hell I can't wait to see how good of an actor he is too. So you grown ass adults hating on these young girls/boys can stfu and start acting your age.
HAROLD
Shot on film <3
suicide squad fans disliking the shit outta this trailer! sorry jared fagget leto wasn't cast in this badass movie!
"Ma son in there! ????????
 Babe looks so hot ?????€???
 I'm so proud of Harry!
 I can't wait to watch it when it comes out. The movie itself seems so interesting. ???????€?"
holy crap kenneth branagh is in this sign me tf up
"Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say...This was their Finest Hour!"
HARRY???????????????????????????????????????? this looks so sad
Danger danger stuka close, scramble the spits.
Anyone know the music in the trailer?
Anyone know what the music is?
Lord Nolan has blessed us again. Get ready for July 21, heretics will be left behind.
This was the 2nd brexit, Joan of Arc was the architect behind the first brexit.
1:39 oh god, i just died
Harry ???????????????? So very proud of you! ????????
Can everybody just chill, many out there who likes Harry actually want to see the movie because of Dunkirks history like me. You don't have to be on either side. This comment sections is just literally full of crap. If Directioners want to see the movie because they like Harry just let them. This is his first role in a movie and ofc there is going to be support from that part. I like 1D but of course I wont see the movie just because he's in it so can everybode please stop assuming things. It's goin to be a great movie anyways!
"Literally this movie wouldn't be so popular without Harry
 The entire teenagers is going to watch this for him"
No French soldiers in a movie about Dunkirk? Curious...
Do not fuck it up Harry we all trust in you
2:18, honestly when has Harry never looked so god damn handsome????????
All these petty people in the comments - who cares if people are only going to see it for Harry? I'm a MASSIVE Christopher Nolan fan, a massive Hardy fan, a massive Murphy fan and a big Harry fan and I'd be happy to see more of the 1D people actually watching thoughtful, artful movie.
a war movie how exciting
HARRYYYYY
Everything looks so clear - good rhythm, intense atmosphere and an interesting story. I feel an oscar nomination coming :-)
I'm not judging your taste in music, but if you're going to see a drama about the Dunkirk evacuation because one of the cast members was in a boy band, I don't think this movie is for you.
Okay, I want you, for just a second, to remove the fact that somebody from a boy band is in this film, and that "person" is just an actor. Watch the trailer again. Now, you should ask yourself "Does this look like it could be a good film? You should say "Yes," then proceed to shut the fuck up. Thank you.
WHO CARES IF PEOPLE IS WATCHING THIS MOVIE ONLY BECAUSE HARRY STYLES IS IN IT. WHAT DOES THAT HAVE TO DO WITH YOU?! DIRECTIONERS ARE HERE TO SUPPORT THERE IDOL WHY IS THAT WRONG?!
WHO CARES IF PEOPLE IS WATCHING THIS MOVIE ONLY BECAUSE HARRY STYLES IS IN IT. WHAT DOES THAT HAVE TO DO WITH YOU?! DIRECTIONERS ARE HERE TO SUPPORT THERE IDOL WHY IS THAT WRONG?!
"sees harry drowning
 DONT DROWN BITCH IM COMING"
Yes I am a Directioner but I'm going to watch not just because of Harry.The fact that he is a part of it is just an added bonus and I know he will be doing great.
I just watched the trailer and totally didn't realize the one direction guy was in it until I read the comments. I'm surprised there aren't just more Nolan fanboys here like myself.
?????€????????€????????€????????€???
BIIIIIIIHHH
is this coming out in the US?
meh... I'm hopeful but we'll see.
Looks like Christopher Nolan saw how great Harry was at throwing water on stage that they decided to film him underwater?????€??????????€? 1:52
Oh my god I can't wait
This looks fantastic. I hope Nolan will get some Oscar nominations, and if he does, I hope he'll get some wins. I know the Oscars don't mean a lot anymore, but this guy should have at least one right now. I'd like to see him win finally for this film.
Need to watch it now! Nolan + Tom Hardy + Zimmer + Harry Styles ??????????????????????????€?
This will be interesting to find out if Harry has what it takes to be a part of a Christopher Nolan masterpiece.
ok i like one direction and all but if you're just seeing this movie just because harry styles is in it you should reconsider your reasons. it's a war movie and it's part of history you should probably be a little more respectful
Whelp, time to gas the 1D portion of the comment section.
not into war movies but I support anything Nolan does, Sooooo.....
Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy? Say no more and take my money.
Is this the next Dark Knight sequel?
To all of those that are tearing down all the One Direction/Harry Styles fans and Harry Styles himself, shame on you. While I am very happy to see Harry Styles in this movie, all the fans should remember that the movie is not about him, but about a dark time that the world was going through in which countless people lost their lives
im sick of war movies and war in general tbh. This is why i watch utube. People make the movies about cool things..like living out of a Van or motorcycling through cool places .. the best part is ..the movie is often more than 100000000000mins long!
FUCK ME UP THIS MOVIE WILL BE SO GOOD
I wanna see it!
I really like war movies. And there are good actors here. And I also want to see Harry's interpretation skills. So yeah Im gonna watch this movie
looks so good!
Can't wait to watch the movie! Harryyyyy you better survive I'm cling for yaaaa
cue all the one direction haters assuming 0:39 was harry
NOLANNNN
I have been waiting so long for this!
70mm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YEEEEAAAHHHHHH!!!!! :D
Chris Nolan, I am here for you...
I'm a Directioner . but i am the only one who going to see the movie because Tom Hardy is in the film?
Glad to see the Battle of Dunkirk getting some attention. I feel like it too often lives in the shadow of The Normandy Invasion
HARRY
"I didn't expect to even see Harry in the trailer but he was in it loads??
 The movie looks really interesting, I have high hopes."
Harry Styles being in this movie isn't that bad, the movie gets more money due to 1D fans and more people get to learn about a great event in world history
Nooooollllaaaaaaaaannnnnn!
i dont know people ,for me the best still out there is saving private ryan !!! no movie untill now could be compared to this one so i hope this one is gonna be good but i doubt it !!
Just realized Harry Styles is in it 0:46
they had better show the french troops that fought and took the pressure off dunkirk.
this comment section is being so immature.
1:47 Is that the sound of Harambe falling from the Heavens?!
I'm a directioner but I would've watched the film even if Harry wasn't in it. It looks so cool. Just my type of film :)
Oh my god it's Edwin Jarvis
Si no fuera por Harry no sabr????amos que esta pel????cula existe
Oh wow. Another WW2 movie.
If people want to see this movie just because Harry is in it, then let them. If people wanna watch it because they're interested in the movie, then let them. If you don't like that the comment section is filled with Harry, then leave. No one asked you to read the comments.
What's the song in the trailer
"Yes I am a big fan of Harry Styles but I will watch this movie not just for him but for my own entertainment.


 So haters don't gang up on me plz"
AWESOME!!!!
Gilderoy Lockhart, it's been a long time xD
lmao nolan thinks he's kubrick or some shit. looks awful
"Creo que soy la ????nica que habla espa????ol :v
 Definitivamente voy a ver esta pel????cula."
Why are people getting so heated over the fact that so many people are here on behalf of Harry? There are so many other comments that similarly support a sole actor as well, but no one is getting caught up over those comments. Some people need to chill out, it's not that deep. That's how the whole industry is.. If there's an actor you admire in a film, you're bound to watch it. I'm guessing that's why Harry is apart of this film anyway, to have a larger audience. No shit I'm going to watch it if Harry Styles is in it.
il a l'air tr????s bon ce film ????a nous changera des nullit????s am????ricaines qui sont faites sans ouvrir un livre d'histoire, de plus un film du point de vue anglais (trop souvent occult???? je trouve, alors qu'ils ont ????t???? h????roiques durant toute la guerre) j'adore...
Hanz Zimmer is a god
"Christopher Nolan and World War 2 together..

 This is the peak of Hollywood right here"
I'm a war nerd so Im going to watch it, it just so happens that Harry is also in it (I'm a 1D fan) which is a bonus for me.
I hope this will be the next saving private Ryan
"Finally a movie that no feminist touched.
 Already a 10/10."
Harry to indo le salvar
Nolan, Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy are back! This is going to be goood
for those of you who don't know, this is about the evacuation of Dunkirk during WWII, where a huge number of the allied forces were stuck on the beaches of Dunkirk, and the entire time they would be harassed by enemy aircraft, with so many brave men dying, until they escaped. this comment is directed towards the "omg harry" people, so they actually know what this movie is about and how heavy this'll probably be.
Fuck harry ... Michael Caine isn't in this...
funny if hitler had committed his tanks he would have won the war in the west.
I'm reading through the comment section and there are some people who REALLY need to fucking chill. Like whats the problem if someone's seeing the movie because harry's in it? He has millions of supporters who are really excited to see him act for the first time. And I don't see anyone getting triggered at the comments that say "I'm only here for Tom Hardy". I think the problem is that people see the words "one direction" and immediately start furiously typing how much they hate them lol.
Tommy from Peaky Blinders, Tom Hardy, Harry Styles ?????€????????????????€??????????? I fuck with this shit
Don't think this follows the historical truth ...... Germany really did not bother killing them off at all ....they left the beach because Hitler allowed it.....the reason why no one ever bothered doing a film on this part of WWII because it was a really disgraceful day for the allies. No one fought and the person who allowed all the solid to live was actually the great evil himself.
amazing movie already Christopher Nolan movies are always amazing and harry styles is amazing and tom hardy is as well.
grit???? muy fuerte cuando aparec????a harry ???????????????????????? ???????€? literal ????????????????
"""Since there is no way to rely on english cooperation, general, the mission i have been charged with will be accomplished by the sole french troops. We, french, are bound to that imperative mission which is to resist until death to save as many personal as possible from the Dunkerque bridgehead. As long as that goal has not been reached, we will remain in place."" Admiral Abrial to Gl alexander.
 Where are the french troops Nolan ? You know, those who made Gl Von Kuechler write ""Despite our overwhelming superiority in men and mat????riel numbers, the french counter-attack in several places. I don????????t manage to understand how those soldiers, sometimes fighting 1 to 30, can find the strength to launch any assault: this is astonishing ! I see in those french soldiers the same energy than with the veterans of Verdun in 1916. For several days now, hundreds of bombers and guns are pounding the french defence. But, it????????s always the same thing: our infantry and panzers can????????t break through, despite some local and ephemeral successes. The french high command has very smartly set up his troops and artillery. I fear that the Dunkirk operation could be a failure for all of us: almost all the BEC and the biggest part of the french 1st Army will escape, because
  a few thousands of braves block the path to the sea. That????????s shocking, but that????????s how it is !???????.
 You wouldn't be pathetic enough to perpetrate the ridiculous ww2 propaganda, with its ""day of national prayer miracle"" ? When 20.000 men died defending Dunkerque against the Wehrmacht and its tanks since only those at 50% losses were halted before entering inundated marshes, 80% of those defenders french ?"
Watching it for harry
Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy again in a NOLAN film!!! Woot woot! Sign me up!
This looks really good ??????
I see 1 person from 1D in this movie
I came here 95 percent beacuse it's a chris nolan film and 5 perecent for harry styles , I trust chris nolan , the guy has never made a bad casting or film yet , so those people that don't seem thrilled about Styles , reserve your judgement until after you've seen it , then talk shit . Stranger things have happened in life than a singer being good in a film.
HARRY STYLES ?????€?????????????????
"Dear 1D fans
 When me and many other people go see this in the cinema with you, please don't act immaturely and be irritating, making loud cheering noises whenever Harry Styles comes on screen, there will be people in there who just want to enjoy the amazing looking movie and don't want to put up with you, I know elderly relatives who would really want to see this movie, don't ruin it for people like us and them who just want to see the film because it looks like a lot of love and passion has gone into it to make something amazing"
HARRY!!!!!! ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
So there is another coward like in Savin Private Ryan?
"There are going to be folks watching this movie solely because Harry's in it. But you know what? That's perfectly fine, because then, it's fans showing support for someone who's doing something he/she likes, even if they don't care about the plot.

 My friends do stuff that I'm not interested in and/or don't understand. But I still support them and encourage them to do what they do because they like it. Hell, I'll even post my support on social media.

 Seeing this movie isn't an act of foolish fans who idolize Harry, it's million of fans wanting to see someone they admire branching off and trying something new and being proud, even if they don't care about what it is Harry's doing."
not feeling this one at all...
is a beautiful trailer, is a surprise scenes. Harry is hadsond people i admired good work
hopefully this gets an R rated so all the young dumb styles lovers cant watch it
it's really bullshit
when i saw the cover, i genuinely believed it was the poster for Star Trek Into Darkness
about half of the people in the comment section is salty af because a lot of people are seeing the movie just for harry. let me give you a heads up before you get ignorant. A lot of people will have a higher appeal towards something if one of their favorite actors, singers, writers, etc is involved in something. therfore they will check it out mainly for them unless you have other reasons. Hell I'm pretty sure you went to a friends, sisters, brothers, parents, etc showcase of soem sort just for them. Once watching I'm pretty sure they will become fascinated with the movie as a whole. just stop getting salty OVER NOTHING
Looks amazing! Can't wait to see the film.
so why do they have harry styles??? is it for market value? so his pussywet fans pay for the movie?
"muy muy. aparte de que Harry aparezca en la pel????cula el productor es un genio y por lo que hemos visto la pel????cula sera lo m????ximo .!!! muy felicitaciones Cristopher Nolan
 tmbn a Harry por su buena actuaci????n y a los dem????s actores
  Bravo.!!m"
For those wondering why people are pissed at the idea of the 1D guy being in Dunkirk... IT'S BECAUSE THIS IS A WORLD WAR II MOVIE. If he was in any other movie I would shrug it off, whatever. But World War II movies are different, and the idea of a boyband fangirl-magnet being in one - especially one that looks decent - does tick me off. Deal with it.
People who came here for Harry knows nothing about movies ..
looks like they got some help with the Plane models am I right ;). cough Gajin *cough * cough Warthunder
Anyone here came for Christopher Nolan?
By Christopher Nolan? Enough said. Anticipating brilliance
Me encanta ver como todos est????n indignados con las fans de harry, como si su actitud m????gicamente lo desapareciera de la pel????cula ???????€??????€???
HARRY MI AMOR?????????????????????????????€??€????????????????????????€??€??????????????????????????€??????????????????????????€??€??????????????????????????????????????€??????€??€?TE AMO :-*!!!!!!!
Finally there's a movie about the Evacuation. I can't wait for this, looks like it's gonna be one of the best World War II movies
As always Nolans movies are of a genre of their own.
the music from 1:28 gave me goosebumps...
Finally, a war film that isnt about how wonderful and amazing the Americans are!
Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy and Harry Styles. My top 3 men in that order. This movie looks so intense. Don't know how to respond. Cillian's acting looks on point as usual. Oh Lordy Lord. Ovaries.
Bane vs Scarecrow
"Very excited for this movie. It looks amazing! I didn't know much about Dunkirk before seeing the teaser trailer weeks ago, but after doing a bit of reading I'm excited to see how this movie goes!
 Also, people need to chill about Harry. He's just a person. Maybe he's trying to change his image as a teen heartthrob and show people he's more mature and is interested in more things than his music. We don't know what his acting skills will be, but I think we should give him a shot. Besides, the fans who are here for Harry are just like any other fans for their favorite actors. People like Meryl Streep and Leonardo DiCaprio have massive fan bases that watch movies just because they're in the them. Worst case scenario, Harry's fans come to watch the movie for their favorite celebrity and get a history lesson at the same time. Everyone should just calm down and enjoy the trailer for their own reasons."
This movie honestly looks good, I love history movies.
Does this movie come with DLC?
EVERYONE STAY CALM
Harry can't die if he does I will kill the director
OMG I WANT TO SEE THE MOVIE SO BAD!! I CAN'T WAIT! ????????
I bet 99,9% of the comments are about Harry ???????€????????€?
this is perfect, i love war movies, harry is in this, hardy is in this, cillian are in this, how epic. im probably gonna watch this one with my dad
HARRY MY BABY
"Yoooooo i swear if they kill harry's character i'm going to sue, I'm sooo freaking proud of my baby he did soo good and the movie hasn't even come out yet. CAN'T WAIT
 marking my calender for JULY 21ST 2017"
I'm so proud of Harry, he's really an actor now omg
another fail is going to become a victory in a movie.
I want to see this because with looks like a good movie
"HOW DARE THEY BE SO SEXIST AND NOT SHOW WOMEN SOLDIERS!? >:[

 MYSOGINIST PIGS!"
Doesn't actually look very good.
You're my everything you are my hero
Directed by Christopher Nolan and starring Tom Hardy + Cillian Murphy + Mike Rylance. Im sold.
I had to go through the comments section just to figure out who the fuck Harry was. Now I know. Movie ruined. Not watching it anymore.
harry!!!
it's amazing that harry is in a movie but pleaseee do not forget the historical significance behind this movie ok bye !!
A lot of you are only here because of Harry Styles. You're proud of him and want to see him do good. I get that. I want to see him do a good job too. However, THIS IS NOT THE HARRY STYLES MOVIE. Don't make this whole thing about him. There's loads of talent which is expected in a Christopher Nolan film. Like I said, yes we want him to do well but don't, PLEASE DO NOT MAKE THIS WHOLE THING ABOUT HIM.
Have to say, looks boring. Another war evacuation, human emotions, survival story, what else could be good in the story, other than having hopeful that Nolan have something else in his mind
MY BABY HARRY IS GONNA BE IN A FUCKING MOVIE!!!!????????????????????????
So excited for this I love things about the war it's just a bonus that Harry's in it ????????????
Sigo sin saber de qu???? trata la peli:v
Not enough Tom Hardy.
Hans Zimmer <3
I love watching internet fights.
HARRY????????????????
but is harry ever going to say something?
If anything, this comments section explains why we have Trump as president. Stupid people who sit around watching movies vs stupid people who sit around consuming anything some boy band member is in because he's "cute" (kind of just a generic ugly white kid to me) or something. Humanity is doomed.
Who's excited because Christopher Nolan is making a new film and that alone is enough to make you want to see it?
ISTG IF HARRY DIES I'LL FUCKING DIE WITH HIM . I'D RATHER DROWN THEN HIM DROWN. IM COMING HAZ DONT WORRY BBY
Bet the movie has some shoehorned holocaust hooplah in it, calling it now.
From the outset you can tell (rather unsurprisingly at this point) that Hans Zimmer is composing the score. The music sounds reminiscent of his Interstellar score; that ominous incessant ticking with a drone underneath. But then that almost pulsating orchestral swelling you get at 01:30 sounds completely new. looking forward to this if for no other reason that the score... and Tom Hardy. That guy can act.
??????????????HARRY??????????????
Can someone please tell what this movie is about? Like what's it based on?
this sickens me, Hollywood trying to make an easy buck from all these war movies. It's an insult to the people who gave they're life at Dunkirk.
"Who cares why people came here. Who cares if people came here for Harry Styles.

 They'll watch the movie and learn some history, and probably enjoy it for his presence. That's a win as far as I can see."
Fuck Harry
WWII, Harry, Nolan, I love it!
The movies seems amazing and fantastic. Harry is just a bonus. (Ok, a huge bonus).
???€? ????????????????????€????????????????€????????????? ???????€????????????????????????? ???€?????????????????????.
I don't understand shit but it sure looks good
while everyone else is talkin bout harry, im probably the only one thinkin this would be a sick battlefield 1 DLC ( and yes, im aware that is took place during WWII but still)
Wow, this looks so much better than i thought it would be...
i think it just stupid to choose harry styles, you got a good war story an a good director so why don't get a good actor.
This is going to be phenomenal ... I hope.
Seems that the war was made in big hygienic conditions! Very clean beach...
OMG I cant believe the comments are more about Harry styles and not about nolan/hardy/cilian murphy .
this looks boring af
damn looks awesome
Oh my fucking shit this movie looks sick as fuck
This is how a trailer should be. My God can't wait for this movie. Oscar award 2018 in directing God Will
Who is here for Harry Styles?
Love Harry but I'm going for Cillian
Wow it looks fantastic, I cannot wait, my most anticipated movie for 2017, along with Wonder Woman <3
anyone want to watch the latest movies free tell me we love movies we don't have money to to hell copyright sheat
Glad to see Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy in this.
I'm gonna watch this movie just bcz of my HARRY!!!
Nolan could film a lady feeding pigeons in the park and it would still look interesting
Just gonna watch this because of Tom Hardy
im personally into this movie mostly for harry but that doesn't mean im not fond of tom hardy, war movies and just nolan's masterpieces, i dont get why yall are triggered that this movie is full of fangirls, and so? obv these girls will support harry since they stan him, chill out
HARRY STYLES
IM EXCITED WOOOWHWO
SAVING PRIVATE RYAN , BLACK HAWK DOWN , DUNKIRK
As I can see lot of people are hating on Harry's fans just because they are super excited about this. So I wanna tell you all something. I'm directioner and big Harry-girl myself, but that doesn't mean I'm only gonna watch the movie because of him. Sure I'm really fucking proud of him and can't wait to see him there, because I don't think he would be in a CHRISTOPHER NOLAN movie if he couldn't act. But I'm also excited because 1) Cillian FUCKING Murphy 2) Tom FUCKING Hardy 3) I love war movies and actually want to watch this one because it looks amazing, Harry is just a really great bonus. So please stop hating on us and on our amazing man, because we are not just little stupid wet girls and Harry is not some smug cheap popstar, don't underrate him, I'm sure he will surprise you all. All the love.
i've never clicked faster on a video.
Another Oscar incoming in a Nolan's Movie, it's always the same. Maybe Best Picture and more shiet like that
that song pleas :')))
Jesus Christ, Nolan's out there doing the work of gods and I'm here sitting on my arse all day playing games, eating wings and praying to picture of Chris on my wall! Looks like it'll be a fantastic movie, wish it was coming sooner though!
Right now it's at 354,000 views. I was here before it was popular
Estoy tan orgullosa de mi beb????.. y y, basta, ????por qu???? llor?????
i'm here for Harry?????€??€?
FUCK YES!!!
Harry your harry xD
The event that changed your world*
fanfic goes real
harry styles?
i dont even care about 12 year old teenage Girls who likes a GayBand.. I mean its a Christopher Nolan movie.. philosophically deep.. Do you really think these 12 year old girls who listen to 1D will even understand Nolan's Movies ?Hell, it will pass over their head..
The wrong side won WW2 too bad they didnt get annihilated on that beach.
You know like the first trailer palms are still sweaty
Nu ma se ve que va estar bien buena mas por mi hermoso Harry Styles????????
"You've got to admit, casting Harry Styles was a stroke of genius. Just look at how many extra tickets they are going to sell because of it. Even if his fans claim they're not seeing the movie just because he's in it, they are however made aware of the movie because he's in it. And now they want to see it because it looks fucking amazing.
 Personally I couldn't care less who's in it as I trust the director and have been itching for a good war movie (especially one that's focused on the British for once) for years."
They all have the same haircut omfg I can barely tell which ones are him from the side and back
Finally a movie about the British in WWII instead of America
hazzaaa????????????????omg????????
Nolan can take all my money, as he always does with his outstanding movies.
Harryyyyy ????????????????????????????????????
One thing war movies always get wrong it people getting struck by bullets in water. A .50 cal bullet will break up within 4 inches in water, and fragments just sink harmlessly to the bottom. Cannon rounds like what those German fighters carried don't even make it that far. So, although it would have been very cold, those soldiers were probably safer in the water than on the beach.
WAS HARRY THE ONE DROWNING?!??!! I CANT TELL BECAUSE EVERYONE LOOKS THE SAME AS HIM?!?!? BUT IF SO ILL JUMP IN THIS WATER AND RESCUE HIM EVEN IF I ALMOST DROWNED LIKE TIMES LIKE IDC ILL DIE FOR HIM LITTERLY
Whether you like this trailer or not, one thing is clear folks. This thing is going to make an obscene amount of money, money which you could never even imagined or earn in your whole life, and it is going to be absolutely fucking EPIC.
I cannot wait.
this looks like an actually great film PLUS harry styles??? so here 4 this
OH DIOS MIO FIONN Y HARRY SE VEN TAN PERFECTOS NO CHAU ME MORI
if Harry dies were gonna have a big problem
For all the people showing hate STFU Christopher Nolan choose Harry not just because he's Harry it's because he audition like everyone else and Nolan saw that he was a good actor so go hate on someone or something else because "YOU DO NOT MATTER"
WWII Nerds Unite to watch this movie and then kill it for no reason at all:D
Nolan I love you and I love your works but if Harry dies, I swear.... the fandoms gonna be pretty mad
???????????????????????? ???€????????€????? ???????€????? ???????????????????? ?????????????????
"In Burbank where WB is located they sponsor a homeless and poor people soup kitchen and food bank and show house and they poison the food and inject the people with Jew Nuke Hot Sauce because they are not Martian Jew Mafia Spooks! It is Jewish law to poison and kill your enemy__the Human Gentile as long as he or she doesn't know the truth!
 Extermination by any other name shall smell so sweet?"
What's with all the whiny asses like honestly I go to movies all the time for the actors/actresses and not for the movie itself. Like who cares?? People are going to support Harry styles heavily in this movie because of who he is, get over it. It's literally inevitable. People can also chose educate themselves on Dunkirk if they want to?? It literally shouldn't matter to anyone.
this looks really good, not just saying this because of harry, but history i am very fond of
"i think the whole cineme will be filled with directionor
 and i m pretty sure half of the people are here for harry"
Omg this is going to be so good
MY FUCJING BABY
I fangirled way too much...HELP!!!!
compare this to Rogue One a star wars movie trailer.Theres hella similarities
LIKE FOR NOLAN
Most of the people watching this movie are gonna be a bunch of fan girls. Hope they don't ruin the experience in the honor of those who lost there lives. So much selfishness these days, its not okay.
Almost every movie with Cillian Murphy in it is great.
"Another stoopid war movie from the Martian Jewish Spook Propaganda Media Machine!
 WWII and all previous wars were started by the Jews so they could control the war.
 Dunkirk was a location for exterminating the stoopid Human Gentiles who were told to go to war and kill each other and when enough Human Gentiles are slaughter we will stop the war and rebuild. The Jews invented Nuclear weapons? Why? Was it necessary to nuke that little island in the Pacific? No, but the Jews like exterminating Human Gentiles and that bomb killed alot of peoople. So many they dropped a few more! Watch ""Catch 22"" then think__what if this is all about Jewish Business and their business is killing Human Gentiles for Trillions and Trillions!

 A country that is at war but is not attacked is the aggressor__the Japanese attack at Pearl was pre-planned just like 911 and who would do such a thing? Martian Jew Mafia!

 Better we kill each other so that after the war maybe we can work for the Jews and earn some money and get married and have Jewish babies! Ha Ha Ha!"
funny, grown men are bitching about fan girls wanting to watch the movie bc of their idol while themselves are watching it bc of Nolan lol tragic leave the fans alone of course they're gonna support their idol in a movie the fuck is wrong with you calling yourselves "grown men" but act like salty bitter toddlers yikes
How many war movies do we need jeez
Mark Rylance is such a fucking badass.
Well I can't complain about Harry Styles' fans being here for him since I'm here myself watching this for Tom Hardy (and because Nolan ofc).
Plot twist : Big Mac are the reason for the extiction of unicorns
I hate how that one faggot (I will not say his name, but you know who he is) is stealing people's attention from the actual talents this movie has to offer. But on the contrary at least these degenerates will be exposed to what will probably be a good piece of art, for once in their lives.
this looks so amazing! Tom Hardy, where the hell are you?
this movie looks amazing, I love Nolan and I want to see his view of what happened here... plus somebody give Harry an Oscar now
Even if harry wasn't in this movie I would still watch it it looks amazing
"I guess it will be another biased hollywood movie about ww II. British are heroic, Germans evil and French the cowards.
 As a matter of historical fact: The German troops stopped their closing in and advance on Dunkirk. There are are lot of rumours why they stopped, however, 200.000 British and French soldiers were hopelessly trapped with an ocean in their back. Not a chance of survival if the Germans wanted them dead, they would have been. I'm pretty confident, this will not be part of this movie tho..."
I'm looking forward to this. It's nice for a change to see a WW2 movie from the British perspective. But for the love of god would someone please make Battle of Britain and the dam busters.
Am I the only one who screamed and jumped at 0:50 and 1:53 ??????€???
i keep thinking of icarly
NO MAMES, YA LA QUIERO VER.
GIVE HAROLD AN OSCAR
Predicting this'll win an oscar.
Looks fucking epic. And a true story at that!
1:35, Look's like Ewan McGregor?
I'm here to see Tom Hardy bomb some shit.
im a HUGE Nolan's Fan! and i love Harry Styles, So im going to watch this movie bc i want it! pls stop saying things like "If you're a Harry's fan, go away" FUCK OFF!
People should see the movie for the history and story not the actors. It's sad when half of our youth barely know a thing about WW2.
Although he is a shit actor and unfortunately a talented actor probably lost the role to him, Harry Styles will make a lot of money for this movie purely based on how many 12 year old little bitches will go and see it.
so,excited to see the movie, come from there and I visited most of the streets.
Harry with tom hardy in a Christopher Nolan movie. YES???!!
Omg was that Aneurin Barnard!?? I loved him in the white queen!!
came here from sister-inlaw updates. lol hoping harrys acting be good as his singing. (not a 1d fan)
haarrreeeehhhh
Drunkirk should be called
Who else is here because of Harry?
ah! Nolan after a long time.
I dunno how good this films gonna be
"The tanks AND artillery stopped because Hitler was suing for peace.

 Propaganda!"
Harry looks amazing in this and this looks ace:)
I am so excited for this, it looks amazing.
OMG HARRYYYYYYYYY
really nice looking trailer, im gonna definitely go watch this movie
Sucha Great combination of actors and the filmmaker...but something(or someone in this case) has to make a thing imperfect
Christopher Nolan hype!
I've watched this for like a hundred times and the part where the guy gets shot in the eye still gets me every time I've got goosebumps just by watching the trailer
"Dunkirk was that final moment that the British and French realized and finally accepted that they were not and would never be the hegemony again even though they had lost it years before during WWI, particularly the British since the French had accepted that from the British because of retard Napoleon.

 Their empires so weak after WWI that the Germans could use mostly shitty czech tanks to entirely beat both of their armies and push them back home. Imagine that, a country not allowed to make weapons beat back what was supposed to be the 2 strongest empires, at least that is what they believed."
how cool is this . i only found out about Dunkirk 12 hours ago ... i saw the teaser trailer and after that i watched every video on youtube about it and i watched every reaction to the teaser video...... i went to sleep and the first thing i saw when i woke up is this ...... how crazy is that .. it is like Nolan knew that i would became obsessed and decided to surprise me
Harry Styles?????€??????????????????????€???
another non-film
i'm not from the us, sorry if I come off as ignorant, but what moment in history does this movie take place?? (I googled Dunkirk to look at the place's history, but the movie shows up)
Forget the actors. If Hans Zimmer is in on the soundtrack, I'm sold ???????€?
I see harry
I admit, the only reason I'm watching this is for Harry. Fight me.
???€????????????? ???€?????????????????? ???????????????????????????? ???????????????????? ???? ???€???????????????????????????????
Ah saving private ryan wannabe that actually looks good
When everyone is talking about some harry person and you have no fucking idea who this is, and it's too late to find out.
If i could i would give 2 thumbs up to this trailer. The second one for music. What is the name of it tho?
DIRECTIONERS WER YA AT???!??
"I think Cillian will make this movie.

 Not sure why you're all crying about Harry Styles, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt."
So this is what is halting season 4 peaky blinders
"i m proud of harry
 and litterally crying after watching some bits of harry in trailor i have no idea what i will do after watching movie????????????????"
am i the only here whos actually here for the movie?
"All these people dissing Harry for ruining the film are those with no real jobs. They rather sit behind the computer and judge people for being talented. These are those people who are jealous of one's success and achievement in life.
 Christopher Nolan makes the best of best movies and he knows what he's doing, I'm sure Harry was chosen because Mr. Nolan knew Harry could do it.
 Don't be jealous if you're not talented as Harry. He can sing, he can act, he has charms and he's good looking.
 Rather than being negative about it and if you can't say one good thing about his hard work, then you can swallow your judgmental words back.
 He didn't get to this position easily, he worked hard for it. It's easy for you people to say negative things about him because that's what you do best, right?
 I'm a directioner and I'm not saying this because I am so. I respect Harry for whatever he's doing and I wish him best.
 If you narrow minded people can't accept someone's job, hard work then you can just shut it for a change.
 And instead of insulting someone's work and wishing it doesn't come out good, you're not doing a good job at it. You are actually making Harry more popular by talking about him, the movie and getting more views on it. So thank you.
 But if you don't have anything to do rather than judging people, a piece of mind: GET A LIFE!"
If the kids want to Dicksuck Harry Styles and see the movie for him, cool, let them. More people will learn about history, and with Hitler 2.0 being elected president of the the U.S, it may be advantageous.
mid next year is so long. but to make this right! i say take your time.
AAAAAAAH MR HARRY STYLES
Been a while since we've had a good WW2 movie, should be really nice
HARRY????????
Can't wait to finally see harry in this, not a fan of war movies, so I'm only going to watch this because of harry lmao
I kind of feel like boycotting this because the director plans to crash an actual vintage WWII plane... :'( that is fucked up.
Harry ???????? ??????
HARRY STYLES OMG
As a fan of C. Nolan, H. Zimmer, and H. Styles, I am super pumped for this movie. The world will be a better place if people would just appreciate things outside of their interest bubble. That is one thing Nolan has been trying to teach us through his films.
HARRY ! Don't drown Harry !!!!!
I am a fan on harry and I love him so much. I'm so happy I can finally see his face and happy that he's doing stuff. But this movie looks good and I really wanna see the movie
What's the fucking problem with the fans of Harry?! I'm not directioner nor fan of Harry and I'm pissed that everyone is talking and shading them. If they wanna see the fucking movie because of fucking Harry Styles, then let them do it. We are all living in a free world. I really don't understand why people are so pissed. All the time people are watching a movie because of the actors. And now that Directioners are doing it, it's the worst sin in the history. Wtf!?!
"AJAJAJAJA MOTHERFACKA HARRY IS IN THE TRAILER! WHERE ALL MY DIRECTIONER MATES AT?!

 BTW I'm not gonna watch the movie only cause of Harry, I'ma watch it cause it seems interesting. y'all adults out there, don't start roasting me..."
"Harry Styles is in this? I didn't even notice until I looked at the comments.

 I don't like his music but as long as he can act convinclingly, don't care."
"in the cinemas buys the seventh ticket
 me: crying one ticket for Dunkirk please
 Staff: haven't you already watched it seven times?
 me: just give me the ticket ???????€????????€????????€????????€?"
Hoping Nolan bounces back to greatness with this one ... because "The Dark Knight Rises" and "Interstellar" were pieces of shit.
i bet there is some bullshit plot twist in the end with a shit load of plot holes involved
The comment section is littered with school going pg era kids who have no knowledge about the evacuation of Dunkirk and just want to watch the movie becoz one of their favorites singers is playing a role in the movie... disappointing
At the end most of them will be rescued and the nazi wins the battle. Did it count as a spoiler?
oha anan????n am???? vay amk
I'm so excited about the movie!???????? I can't wait till it's out. I'm not only going to watch it because i'm a fan of Harry Styles but because the movie looks amazing!!
HAROOOOOOLD ???????
the thing on thumbnail looks like something from the wraith of the machine raid on destiny.
can't wait!!!!
esse filme e baseado em fatos reais? pq parece a guerra das malvinas
Amazing. ??????
Now that's how you make a trailer!!! Create interest without letting us know wtf is going to happen :)
HARRY IS MY FAVE. HES MY EVERYTHING. HE DIES. I DIE
I didn't care about Tom Hardy in this trailer until he put on the mask.
8th time I've watched the trailer it's still good
Damn this Battlefield 1 DLC looks amazing! Cant wait to play!
THIS LOOKS SO GOOD
Hello, Jimmy Darmody.
Harry styles ????????????????????????
trailer looks promising............afterall its christopher nolan movie....
I can't wait to see it!!!!
Lol, why all planes sounds like siren on Ju-87?
I'm shaking, this looks amazing.
This movie looks great
tom hardy and Cillian murphy together again?!?! first the dark knight trilogy, then peaky blinders, and now this?!?! keep up Hollywood!
1:48 Why does he wear the mask?
he is the Hideo Kojima of movies !
Nolan, why do you always use the same font, the same cast, the same music composer? :)
IM SO DECEASED
let me just at this to the list of movies I'm going to see next year
Which song is playing in background??
Harry here to snatch some Oscars
There are only 2 good war movies made in the last 20 years; Saving Private Ryan and The Hurt Locker. Let's hope we have another one.
"Not. A. Single. French. Soldier. In. This. Trailer.............
 Going to be a bad movie I guess ?"
"As a fellow nerd and history buff, I do not like one direction. but with that said it's totally unfair and pointless to attack his fans, let hem be excited, let them enjoy, age doesn't matter, beside his appearance will draw in younglings who don't know the story of dunkirk. (not everyone does, mainly because of schools not teaching it). whats the point of being triggered assholes, Nolan trusted him and we trust him. NOW DONT BE A CUNT
 this message was broadcasted from wakanda"
"i love Nolan cuz he uses real shit and not computer shit. fuck the mind fuck and crap. he's real n thats why i like him.
 And now that Harry Styles is here, Im sure ima get alota teen pussy this time :))"
"This comment section is literally crap. Apparently many people are going
  to watch the movie bc a one direction member is playing in it and so
 many people seem to have a problem with this and are spreading due to
 this negativity in the comments/ are annoyed bc of these people. I
 personally don't get their point at all. It isn't new that people are
 watching a movie bc an actor they like has a part in it. When Leonardo
 Di Caprio would be in this movie and Di Caprio fans would comment like
 crazy nobody would feel affected but when an actor who is in a band that
  unfortunately has a negative reputation (for everyone who didn't notice
  it: they aren't 16 years old boys who are making childish music
 anymore) has a role everyone is annoyed.
 1. His connection to a boy group you have no idea about doesn't have any
  influence on his skills as an actor.
 2. Making fun of young girls is not an adult behavior at all.
 3. It is so irrelevant why someone is going to watch this movie so just
 enjoy the trailer and stop spreading hate"
"am i the only one who is watching the movie because of nolan and hans zimmer!

 sad that for a nolan's movie ,many idiots go to watch it for some punk of a shitty band"
For those complaining about racism, propaganda or even noticed that it's a lot of British people. Britain wasn't as racist as the US at the time, hell they were even against slavery sooner. The director is known for doing something special regardless of the time period or setting so yeah we won and don't speak Dutch, excuse the "propaganda" I'm sorry we won. Second, look at the helmets, they are British. You who already knew all this, you're awesome ?????€??€??????????????????????€??€?????????
this movie gonna be lit I see ???????€????????€????????€????????€????????€? I'm getting too excited war movies do that to me
wow what a great accomplishment. The allies were able to tuck tail, run away and leave France in the hands of Nazi. Great job.
who the hell is hary?
Gripping WWII movie with no Americans, Christopher Nolan? Sold.
YASSSSSSSSSSS HARRRRYYYY
Hearing a lot about this no name actor Harry Styles. I guess he had a following maybe from local theatre or something. Either way, this movie looks great. All you "fan girls" go out and support this no name actor with pride.
Nolan still using film religiously I see.
I wonder if this movie will also cover the valiant actions of the Dunkirk rearguard and not just the evac itself
Where is the French Army ? We covered the English once in our history so please...
Harry ??????????????????????????????
Man i think i gave up on war movies after seeing Hacksaw Ridge last month. I didnt like that movie at all and i think the bar was set too high by Saving Private Ryan back in 1998. That was hands down the best war movie ever. Ill go see this one, but if it sucks like Hacksaw Ridge no more war movies for me ever.
This looks really good. Not a Harry Styles fan at all, but I'm willing to give him a chance. He may actually be good, so who knows?
Where are all the Peaky Blinder fans cause Cillian Murphy is in this FREAKIN MOVIE!!! ????????????????????????
Shitty trailer. I still don't know what the fuck the movie is about
He didn't even say anything
Doesn't look very Nolan-y...
The Greatest Generation. God Bless every one of them who served.
Branagh, Murphy, and Hardy all in a film directed by Nolan and scoring by Zimmer? Brilliant.
fuck off with ur harry styles hate or love all i fucking care is that a war drama of literally the biggest proportions is being made by Chris FUCKING Nolan and Hans on Music with Hoyt on Camera with Tom Hardy, Cilian Murphy, Kennuth Branagah, Mark Rylence!!!! FUCK its awesome!!! give that Oscar Nom already!!!!
Say what you will about the man, but the combination of the music and the acting by Harry at 1:53 is on point.
WHo the fuck is Harry?
I'm a little bit disappointed we didn't see Tom Glynn Carney in the trailer! Is it just me?
These teens are hilarious. After some years they will understand how stupid they were lol
The people who say that they're only going to watch this movie for Harry Styles and not the amazing true story make my brain sad.
no. me gustan este tipo de pelis, pero voy a verla solo porque aparece Harry Styles! ????????????????
I can't wait for this movie. My personal favorite Nolan film is Interstellar.
THIS LOOKS SO GOOD
OMG HARRY IS SUPER SEXY AND BEAUTIFUL
Harry doesn't even have one line in this trailer lmfao all his little fangirls can shut up about how he's such a good actor until the movie actually comes out
If Harry Styles was able to get himself a good role on a Nolan film with Oscar nominees like Tom Hardy and Oscar WINNER Mark Rylance, then I'm sure he's a good actor!
I need the song that starts at 1:28 :o
tfw Junker 87 Stukas are approaching to dive bomb you and you only got your hands to cover your head in safety.
If this doesn't win awards then it's a fucking insult.
This is Christopher fucking Nolan. This guy has proved to be one of the best directors today. That means, if an actor isn't the best fit for the role, he won't be cast. This film is not out yet, but I guarantee it, Harry Styles is not cast to enrich the film's publicity. Chris Nolan is no joke.
AI MDS, HARRY ME ARROMBA
Harry is looking so cute and hot????????and?????€???
DKSOKSJDOSKDJDLS ME MOR???? BAI
deusemais to ???? morta
insert battlefield jokes.
I JUST PISSED MYSELF
I'm here for Nolan and Zimmer.
hype.
Making a movie about the dunkerk battle without french is like making a WWI game without the french. It's revisionism.
"It's Per-fect...
 Thank you..."
Ayo Tommy Shelby and Alfie Solomons back at it!
1:53 best scene in the trailer
This looks sicj
I'm an 18 year old dude who loves One Direction lol but Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy are two of my favorite actors
i cant wait ahhhhh harry
Como que Harry muere ahogado? .-. les quemo el cine :'v ah no, puras directioners despues :'v Wuu
No, I'm not a previous fan of Harry Styles, but that' doesn't matter.?? I'm a huge fan of Nolan and all of his previous work.?? When I first heard about Heath Ledger as the Joker, I really wasn't sold.?? But Nolan saw something in him and it really paid off.?? I trust Nolan as a director and if he saw something in Styles that we haven't, I'm sure it will pay off too.
"I have a feeling that harry will kill it in this movie .

 great trailer overall"
Who cares that people are only going there for harry more money the movie makes personally yeah I'm going there for harry because it's his first movie, but also because the movie looks really good!
SO EXITED
Will watch in Theatre
MY BABYYYY I WANNA CRY
OMG HARRY LOOKS SO GOOD IM SCREAMING HABUSHDB YAS
it's actually good to see all them harry fans comments that they wanna see this movie coz of Nolan and not just of harry
Love it omg
dont you dare kill off harry
Finally more war movies
meudeus esse trailer, harry styles mostrando que n????o ???? s???? um ????timo cantor ?????€??€?
Anyone who took a history class knows that these kids get Wiped out, not by the Nazis but by the British- British retargeted All French fleets and shipyards in the end and glassed them into the abyss. Either that or have the french shipyards in control of the Third Reich.
just because one of the reasons one direction fans are watching this is for Harry to support him in his first movie does not mean we are idiots how don't know ur respect the historical event this movie is a out so if you don't know any thing please be quiet
WAS THAT HARRY DROWNING??? NOOOOOOOO takes off clothes and jumps on to save my baby
Gotta love that Haxan cloak!
The person who make the trailer know what they doing ????????
This will be another fucking but by Nolan. This guy can't make a bad movie.
Can't wait for the bunch of fucking Krautaboos to brand this film as ''EVUL JEWISH PROPAGANDA''!!!!!!!!!!!!1111
okay sure Harry Styles bUT WAS THAT LOCKHART?
OMFG HARRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what is this about?
Best ww2 movie ever, i can see it!
he says dunkirk in such a nice accent.
tom hardy though ????????????????????????
0:09 Holy shit that would be fucking terrifying
Well shit. I just thought it was someone who looked like Harry Styles. It looks like he's going to be pretty good though. We'll see.
Maybe I'm nit-picker, but there is small dissatisfaction in me when I see Hispano Aviacion Ha 1112 instead of Bf-109E.
Oh snap another save charle's movie who went to attack pple's land in the name of the demoncracy and the creation of the biggest criminal state in this world.
"Dunkirk isn't the Christopher Nolan We needed but the one we deserve.

 Or maybe the opposite way around, I don't know.."
who the fuck is harry styles and why does everyone keep mentioning him
1:48 in Bane voice "you think the sky is your ally?"
Is the music from this trailer original? I'm hoping this is a teaser of the latest zimmer/nolan collaborations!
A MASTERPIECE
Finally, Christopher Nolan !!!
I can't wait to watch this but not just because of Harry but also because I love History and I think the trailer portrays this movie as something really educational and worth watching
I'm actually a fan of Nolan so I have high expectations from this movie so excited. Also y'all need to stfu about Harry fan watching the movie because of him. You're not getting tax if they want to watch the movie for him
i'm watching it bc of harry and fuck off if you're triggered about that. I'm a teen and I just happen to like him.
This is really interesting. I'm looking forward to it.
Harry omg
Tom hardy at 1:47
When you saw the commercial and wanted to see it because it looked cool, and realized Harry is in it!!!!
Can't wait for 2017!
A Hollywood movie where all the British actors no longer have to fake an American accent.
????????????????????????????????????????????????
Was it ever confirmed that a ww2 plane was gonna be destroyed?
My heart swelling af...HARRY FUCKING EDWARD STYLES IS IN A MOVIE!!!!! yaaaaaas
Can people maybe shut up about Harry Styles' fans, and can his fan girls stop protecting him, and can we just talk about the trailer please!?
I'm a one direction fan and I just wanna say if you're also a fan and you keep commenting "I want to watch the movie, Harry is just a bonus" stop lying to yourself lmao. i know Chris Nolan is directing and Tom Hardy is in it but we all know this movie is trending all the time worldwide because of Harry.
is this really Christopher nolan movie.... ???
Everybody calm down. Nobody gives a fuck about Harry Styles or your other reasons why you're going to watch it. Just shut up.
I came to stare at Harry but would you look at Cillian Murphy wow he's so gorgeous. BTW I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE MOVIE THE TRAILER GAVE ME CHILLS
Can all the people getting pissed about Harry Styles calm down, we haven't even seen the movie yet. Ive never been a fan of him but give him a bloody chance. All you guys saying you won't see it because he is in it are retarded. Im just glad to see a movie about WW2 that actually features the British rather than the thousands that make it look like America fought the war all by themselves.
oh my fucking god he is mother fucking back. nolan is back. brace yourself
"To everyone who don't know who Harry Styles is.
 His a singer from One Direction."
Harry my love , seeing him drown made me sooo scared! Im so proud of him ????????????????????????????
should have guessed it, expected a movie about our war heroes, got the propaganda for the running expeditionary corps fuck off nolan
harry, luckiest singer to work with Nolan !
Well, to all the people complaining about Harry: how many of you have been in a Christopher Nolan movie? Yes, zero...that's what I thought.
I'm sure this will be a fantastic movie (as all Nolan movies are) but this trailer does nothing for me. Looks like a standard WW2 movie with pretty cinematography and a lot of famous actors.
HYPE!
this movie gon go even more epic coz of harry fans. lol
Christopher Nolan has such a fascinating mind, his take on this is going to be so amazing. The cast seems to be phenomenal as well, and it's gonna be interesting seeing all of the new faces. I can't wait to see it!
This trailer made me cum
Holy shit this is going to be amazinggggg, can't wait
this looks so good omg I can't wait
Omg harry???????? finally found this trailer ???????€?
this is kinda funny. why do people have to complain that harry is in a movie and about his fans? I get it there will be a few fans that are just watching for harry and they'll mabye be some fans that will be a bit annoying but some of us just want to support him in whatever he is doing (and btw there are people that think the movie looks great so far and want to watch it because of that and harry ) so don't think you are better then his fans. just let us be excited for him.
OH MY GOD
"Those of you who are triggered by harry styles; grow the fuck up, give him a fucking chance.
 He doesn't even have a big part.

 Also, it's a Christopher Nolan movie. Try focusing on that instead of one of the actors previous career. Shiit"
Harry????????
Harry??????
Omg is this the sequel to the one direction concert! And my , so many white boys to ogle over. Screw men of colour they are ugly as fuck
I'm just here for Harry... And a history lesson
I love Harry and some people don't but there is no need fighting on it.It doesn't matter cause of what or whom u'll be watching this movie,its gonna be a great movie no matter what with superb actors and a brilliant director.So plz don't fucking rant on each other likes nd dislikes!
Haaaarry
I'm waiting for Harry Styles to kick ass in his role so everyone can shut the fuck up and take him seriously
i hope this harry dies in this movie
Spoiler: we won the war
wow, those plane sequences look intense. Cant wait to see what ya boy nolan does with WW2 film
Ave Nolan!!!!!
Harreeeeeh ????????
Regardless of Harry Style's presence, I strongly believe this film will be yet another brilliant Nolan masterpiece!
After the Dark Knight Rises, Bane fixed his face and became a fighter pilot and eventually flew back to Gotham and blew it up.
that dude @ : 24 tho, fine af
"All the people that says that it's wrong for directioners to be excited over the fact that Harry is in his first movie is confusing me so much.

 We have supported Harry for six years. Six! And you expect us to be like: ""Cool, but I'm not going to see it because people think that we're only here for Harry."" Like wtf? You can't expect us to just ignore the fact that our Harold got his first acting role.

 And also if we can't watch Dunkirk because we came to support Harry, does that mean that we can't watch x Factor either because it would be wrong that we only saw it because of 1d???

  I don't fooking care if I see Harry three seconds on the screen or for one hour. I came to support him. The only reason why I'm coming is because of him. Is that so wrong???? I love Cillian Murphy and Christopher Nolan but the truth is just that I came to support the guy that I have standed and believed in for six years. I came because of Harry Styles. I don't really see a problem?

 It is the exact same thing when you say that you are only seeing it because Christopher Nolan made the movie, double standards?

 We are seeing it because we believe and are proud of Harry.

 So stop being so childish and just accept the fact that people are coming for their own fooking reason.

 We are all going to see the movie with different reasons.

 And seriously if we didn't have an interest in the plot, the actors, the director, etc who would even bother to come?

 All the love x"
looks good. can't judge harry styles without seeing his acting skills first. just hope the film (and the rest of the cast) isnt overshadowed by 1d fans and the media making it about him.
Harry Styles and war movies my two favorite things. And to the people commenting and complaining about these "faggot 1D fans" why is it so bad that we want to support Harry in his first movie? I understand you're frustration and concern about them screaming in the theater (I'll also be super annoyed if someone screams during the movie when he pops up) but seriously, we're not 12 anymore and we know how to act in movie theaters and I hope you realize if someone were to do that they would be removed from the theater but go off and complain if it makes you feel better.
wow man!!! this incredible ???????????????? can't wait to watch it?????????
Where are the French?
I'm a simple man. When I see a Christopher Nolan film trailer, I like.
LOL I DONT GIVE A SHIT ABOUT YOUR STUPID HARRY COMMENTS YOU DICKHEADS.YES I WILL SEE THIS WAR CRAP JUST FOR HARRY
okay. History crash course. In the beginning of 1940, after Germany invaded Poland, Britain and France declared war on the Nazis. They sent in the British expeditionary force hoping for a quick victory but the French and Brits were quickly rerouted and pushed back onto a beach and was surrounded. While the French were slowing down the German advance, the British were evacuated by an armada of civilian sea crafts and naval ships while under heavy fire from German airplanes. 400,000 men were saved that day which ultimately led to Britain?? being able to keep fighting the Nazis and winning the war
This will be one film I won't be watching on the opening day. No one should witness 13 year olds girls getting wet every time Harry Styles shows on screen.
CILLIAN AND TOM HARDY
Thumbs up for Nolan ....
HARRRRRRRREYYYYYYYYYYY
Omg Harry Styles.
The music at the end is SOOO GOOOD <3 Does it have a title, or anything, cause i'm addicted!
Hardygasm
Im not a 1D fan, but Anyone who hates on Harry Styles' acting ability because they don't like his music is a fucking moron. He looks good in this role.
How long until Bane crashes his plane?
Bane and Scarecrow fighting against the Nazis
What song is playing in the background at 1:30-2:00
there are two kinds of people: ones who will watch this movie cause of harry's acting debut,others who will watch this movie without giving any fuck about harry.But at the end we all r gonna watch it,so kindly respect each others likes/dislikes and watch it like a big happy family!
"The girls are not getting excited just to see harry
 The get excited because harry had never done a movie apart from this is us and to be acting in such a movie with so much history that is what excited us
 I think you should be less rude and more open minded
 I dont want trouble with anybody tho
 Its just my opinion"
Yeah I'm seeing it for Harry but it does look really good even besides him being in it
my babbee
I hope this is better than Interstellar and The Dark Knight Rises, i miss old Nolan.
I'm happy to see Kenneth Branagh?????€???????????
Hmm, even if it's directed by Christopher Nolan who is pretty much one of the best current film directors in the world but this one doesn't appeal to me, it looks like any other WW2 Drama.
i understand some people may scream because (unfortunetly!) their lives are all about Harry, but please please PLEASE don't generalize. Most One Direction fans are relatively grown up (we may have all been 12 in 2011 but now were all 17-18) and we do know, as opposed to popular belief, to behave. Some girls may scream, I'm not saying anything about that, i sadly agree. But most fans appreciate these kinds of films as well, and are going to watch it for the plot, with harry being a bonus. So PLEASE dont generalize in your comments ("those harry fans need to...") because you'd obviously be wrong. This is all coming from a (yes, yes, oh my god, right?!) one direction/harry fan. Now, have a good day, and remember that you should always spread positivity on social medias, and that it costs nothing to be nice :)
yeah...no
I have proof that Harry's gay.
wow!!! very excited to see the movie..
Who else is not satisfied with trailer?
The amount of history illiterates in the comment section is fucking scary :/ Especially those fucking marxists asking for a Negroes in A FUCKING WORLD WAR 2 MOVIE SET IN 1940!!! YOU MOTHERFUCKERS HOPE THAT TRUMP WILL GET RID OF YOU AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!! And I am not even talking about people who thinks that this is WORLD WAR 1..... or that americans should be there... FUCK YOU!!!
OMG HARRY!!!!! BSYSNSNUSBSNS
Look generic as hell. Another war story....blah blah directed by the man who get free pass for hype train after the Dark Knight. I find Inception and Interstellar way more interesting than this boring crap
im here for harry
It all started with him saying "UHHH I WORK IN A BAKERY". Now look where he is.
HARRY STYLES
You really think Harry Styles would be in a Christopher Nolan movie if he wasn't good enough to deliver? Nolan has no incentive to cast him if he'd suck, literally none.
omg harry
Isn't the ticking clock score for first 35secs from Interstellar ?
I am here because i love history and i also love harry so i fucking love this
And now they just gifted it to Muslims to rape and plunder.
Helpful hint: don't go into the comment section. No matter what you think it isn't worth it.
Feel like the only one that actually wants to see this because Nolan puts out quality work...
The dislikes of this are ''This likeees''
LOOKS AIGHT.
So good
1:30 man. All's I'm saying.
Why did he chose this event?
This looks EPIC ???????????€???
Harry oh my gosh
WWII NEVER HAPPENED! JUST ANOTHER LIBERAL CUCK CONSPIRACY!! PRAISE KEK!!
I'm going for Harry, fight me.
Wait, Harry Styles is in this film??
"""We have a job to do.""

 WW1 Vet. Calling it."
harry styles ?????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???
"will be very interesting to see what this film will be like..
 I mean, it cannot be just a drama about war (dramas are OK but Nolan is expected to make something very specific, isnt he?)"
Will have another remarkable experience on IMAX, Another mind bending drama. I call Nolan the Nolanda University. Its a lot to learn about films from Nolan..
Ohh that dude looks so much better with his hair cut
Who gives a shit whether or not Harry Styles is in the fucking film? All I give a fuck about is whether or not the movie is going to be good.
HARRY????????????????????????????????
"I hate the living shit out of 1D but Harry actually looks good in this (no homo), he might actually surprise me, and I hope he does!

 Honestly this looks incredible, great trailer!"
coming up another masterpiece from Nolan and Hans Zimmer ...
This looks amazing!!! Im a 1D fan yes so Harry being in it is great but even if he wasent id still be digging this, And whats more its probably going to attract young people to a genre they might otherwise pass up which i think is brilliant!!
me desmay???? unas veinte veces lpm
Are we finally about to get an accurate WW2 movie bereft of flag saluting 'Murican nonsense? Here's hoping.
"Don't read the comments.
 Cringe fest."
I'm wondering if they digitally removed that one grinning extra from the teaser, or if I just missed him in the shot.
HARRY!
Isn't that the guy from back street boys?
Guys, thankfully we wont have all these annoying socially awkward cunts in the theaters, most of them arent old enough to watch anything over PG-13. That being said, if this movie is PG-13 Im not going to see it.
Name of the theme which starts playing at 1:29 pleaaase. So good ;-;
"To all of you people who think we only will watch the movie because Harry Styles is in it... We actually have lives and a little interest in historical events as well, our lives aren't ""limited"" by our love for one direction, we go to school just like you did. Yknow, the good old thing they call ""culture""?
  Its not because we're fans of Harry that we'll scream our lungs out when he appears on screen. Just thought I had to let those who address ""harry styles fans"" know that is the case. thanks."
"LMAO when mostly everyone here is a One Direction fan & will only watch the movie cos of Harry Styles ????????????
 Not gonna lie I'm ALSO watching cos I love war movies..."
Christopher Nolan as a director, Tom Hardy as an R.A.F. pilot, Cillian Murphy as a soldier and?? Kenneth Branah as a Royal Navy commander all together in?? an epic World War 2 true story? The only question is, who WOULDN'T see this movie?
Save Soldier Ryan
who the fuck is harry and who gives a rats arse
IF EVERYONE COULD STOP HATING ON HARRY THAT WOULD BE GREAT HE HAS LITERALLY DONT NOTHING TO YOU SO FUCK OFF THANKS
"Operation Fall Gelb was an outstanding german victory

 ..but still they cocked it up at dunkirk and noone really knows why the panzers stopped...
 im really wanne see how the film explains the halt of the Wehrmacht."
Who is this Harry Style guy and why is he such a big deal? I've honestly never heard of him
To be honest I came here for Harry but seeing the trailer it seems interesting
I almost didn't believe Tom is in this. Only a second of him in this trailer and hardly any set pictures.
Nolan brilliance once again. Cannot wait !! That Zimmer score !!!!
HARRRYYYY!!! ????????????????????????????????????
is that cillian murphy aka scarecrow aka that guy?? from 28 days later
i just came here to see harry styles
Slaved patriots
HARRY MY BABY!!!!!!!
HARRY LA PUTA MADRE
Tom Hardy ?
remembering ww2....hitler.....wehrmacht... goebbels....nazi....
Christopher Nolan is one of my favourite directors so I can't wait for this movie!!!
harry in the water lol, reminds me of when he blocked his ears because of the fireworks. anyone understand what I'm saying?
Hope this will be rated R, War films will are typically better when they're R and I'd love to see Nolan takle some grusome violence
Omg Tom hardy and Cillian Murphy!! Definitely excited to see Harry but Tom and Cillian :'))))))) ?????€???
This looks epic! Excited to watch it
Damn, glad To see Harry Styles doin something different.
All hail Lord Nolan
Yes,I'm watching this only because Harry is in it, because otherwise I wouldn't be interested in movie's topic at all.
And hello 1dfam
Fuck me! Looks great. Trailer music anyone? Dance
hARRY
???????????????€????? ?????????????????????????
0:47 1:38 1:53
Battlefield 1942 Remastered looks good
Aside from all of the "Harry" comments I've seen I can't find any on the movie. Can anyone tell me what Dunkirk is? (For real don't know)
Hey it's that actor Steven Spielberg has a crush on!
When harry was drowning it felt like i was watching my own child die
this looks so good
chritopher nolan's film, good fucking film.
Looks good, but it's sad how 50% of the people who watch this are going to be fucking tweenage fangirls who are only watching for Harry Styles and not for the plot surrounding one of the biggest events in the world's largest conflict to date. Says a lot about this shitty generation.
this is a Christopher Nolan epic war movie, with Tom Hardy and Mark Rylance and I don't understand why so many people are more interested because of Harry Styles.
I dont mind Harry Styles. CILLIAN MURPHY is what matters. By the order of Peaky fucking Blinders!
OH MY GOOOODDDDD
trailer makes it look like a low budget TV movie. wtf
Daaaamn, I guess music starting at 1:28 is Zimmers and its not released yet, but its a fking masterpiece
Why the hell must moviemakers always include the Stuka dive bomber sound, even when they aren't showing any.
Hope this movie will also be about the french soldiers who covered the evacuation, without them the germans would have captured all of the BEF and most of 'em were left behind.
All these old,ugly (probably broke) men hating on Harry's fans are just fucking jealous that he's a 22 year old millionaire,the most good looking man on earth who can get any girl he wants and he's living a life you'll never have.So attack us all you want but we will always support Harry and he is better than any of you because you are just trolls bashing him and he is actually doing something with his life.
HAROLD!!!!!!!
Hope is a weapon. That's Nolan good
HARRY STYLES IS THE BEST ACTOR EVER GIVE HIM AN OSCAR RIGHT FUCKIN NOW!!
"another bullshit movie. the plot is the same ww2, nazis arethe bad guys
 and the english are the good guys, bla bla bla, jews, bombs, churchill
 speech, more explotions, and maybe at the final a resume of the war and
 the courage of the english people etc. oscar ?? ,, the oscars are shit
 actually.
 pd: uk declare the war to germany , uk and france. and germany wiped the
  floor with them. it was urss who won the ww2."
Why all the comments about harry styles it's not his movie. We should be talking about nolan for a moment and give this guy the credit he deserves for making such a great and remarkable movies.
"My father's cousin (can't remember what you call that) was there. George MacLennan, 51st Highlanders held the rearguard until they were surrounded and surrendered or were annihilated. He never recovered from the shellshock.

 And he could never understand or forgive the RAF's apparent absence over the beaches."
I'll watch this movie not because harry, but because christopher nolan
"I'm a fan of harry but I really want to watch this movie, harry is just a big bonus
 now leave and stfu"
Who th is Harry ?
This will bomb! Among, multitude of reasons why it will fail, casting is one. Boyband twats? Really?
Another BS propaganda turd I'm guessing, and they can't even be bothered to use the correct 109 variant. Pathetic.
As a historian, it is very disappointing to see that the only reason people will see this movie is because of some shit pop singer. Nevermind learning about your history and the history of the world, but because of some shit pop singer.
Harry Styles????????
someone have the name of the music at 1'30'' ? it's the original soundtrack ?
IF ANYTHING HAPPENED TO MY PRECIOUS HAZZA BOO IN END OF THE MOVIE..I'M GONNA END THE DIRECTOR ?????? ?????€????
I thought Nolan was going to give another perspective on World War II. It is more of the same.
I'm going to see this because harry is in it ????????
I SMELL AN OSCAAAAAR
Finally someone remembered the TRUE heroes of WWII, they were fighting Germans alone while the americans were sucking cock
take over the acting world Harry_Styles u got it
this looks really amazing and i love the music
Another shit
why , why must harry, nolan , there a still hundreds good actor , with a good acting. but still gonna see this movie , i know nolan gonna make this movie story really nice.
"Can't wait to see this movie! I'm a HUGE fan of Nolan and this film looks amazing.

 One Direction is shit BTW. Just mainstream trash like Katy Perry and Ariana Grande that don't even write their own songs most of the time. If you go to see this movie JUST because of Harry Styles, it really shows how ignorant you are and how you don't even care about historical events. smfh"
Harryyy ????????????????????????
Beautiful Trailer !
"*HARRY BREATHS
 IN DUNKIRK*
 ME:*GIVE HIM THE FUCKING OSCAR MF*"
Christopher Nolan. The name is enough.
Harry carajo me est????s excitando ????????????????????
And the Oscar goes to Michael Cain, Tom Hardy, or Christopher Nolan?
Let me guess...a military movie thats gonna fuck our minds in some way...
I've never seen this many British people in any movie before
casi ni aparece hazza we
Nolan is backkk
People are only talking about that Harry guy instead of the movie ... fuck you guys, i'm outta here
That's Christopher Nolan for you he will never disappoint you with his taking
Where the fuck is harry?!
who the fuck is harry?
Daaadyyy
OH god it is exciting
Ahhhhh! Looks like once again nolans done an amazing job! Roll on next year
I'm stoked to see Mark Rylance, Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy in one movie and these girls are getting excited about Harry Fucking Styles. smh...
No one cared who i was till I put on the mask...
"The British Expeditionary Forces referred to the fighting French (who bought time for the evacuation), like something out of legends of old. When they saw the French standing their ground, they compared them to the Spartans at the Battle of Thermoplyae because of their fierce resistance and honor. You see a lot of WWI equipment in this trailer because the British and French hadn't modernized their armies in the way the Nazis did. Because of that, they relied on surplus weapons and equipment left over from WWI. The British practiced Chamberlain-style isolation, while the French laid the majority of their forces on the Maginot Line in a false sense of security. This led to the Nazi's blitzing across the Ardennes forest (which the allies, particularly the French, thought impossible to cross with tanks, motorcycles, and other military vehicles along with several armies), which rendered most of France exposed on the left flank. The damage was done. And when the armies of the Third Reich encircled the armies of France and Britain, Dunkirk was the result.

 The reason it's one of the most important battles in history is that it threw away the tactics used in every war up until that point. On the eve of WWI, many of the troops from participating countries were filled with glee, and thought the war would be over in less than a year. On the eve of WWII, the tone was far more serious and somber.. While many countries saw the advancement in weapon systems by the Nazis, they never expected for the war to move as fast as it did.. Poland was virtually conquered in two weeks, for example. That was unheard of, at the time. Dunkirk represents the first modernized warfare."
Chris Nolan, take a bow!
I've been waiting for this movie and Im SO existed to see this . I want to see this movie because of Nolan love his work and my baby Tom but Harry i never see him in a movie before never see his acting . I don't want to judge him right now so can't wait for this movie..
damn harry you look good
Cant wait to see this good to see Tom Hardy is in another film
They made a film of battlefield 1 the game
"I proud of Harry??????




 Now you'll attack me just because I'm a fan of Harry (and 1D in general) and I wrote it?"
Nolan&HansZimmer=Good movie
I thought I spotted Cillian Murphy's beautiful eyes! Time to put?? Harry Styles in his place.
I DROPPED MY PHONE AMD UT CRACKED WHEN I SAW HARRY BUT WORTH IT???????€????????????????????????????????????????€????????????????????????????€????????€?
As a french i would have like to see some french soldiers cause they were in the same troubles i hope it's not gonna be like bf1. (no french army joke pls grow up)
Proper 70mm IMAX! Unfortunately, no theaters to show it in this format in my country.
Fuck when I saw Harry drowning I think I shit my pants a little bit
This doesn't change the fact that One Direction is pop garbage. Let's hope his acting is better.
shut up retarf
I hope Nolan's big budget and desire to tackle every genre doesn't ruin him.
Wtf
"Why does every WW2 film always show the German army as evil monsters?

 Oh I forgot, (((They))) run Hollywood ???????€?"
The British veterans finally have their very own Saving Private Ryan. They have something they can be proud of.
Zimmer has nailed it again ?????€???????????
Waiting for the movie...like any other Nolan's movie.
I'm partially glad I'm so out of the loop I have no idea why people are complaining about some guy named Harry Styles being in this movie. Ignorance is bliss.
I so hope harry dies in this film, wouldn't care if it's shit just to see him die would make this a classic film
Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer = Magnum Opus
So is this the war Tommy Shelby keeps talking about?
Looks boring af
Nolan is back??????
Harry <3
1:30 music?
Batman 1940.
Welcome back, Nolan and Zimmer..
ok so when it comes out in Italy, I'll watch it because of harry, but what's wrong with it? I mean, I just want to support him because it's his very first film... he really wanted to at least try to be an actor... can you please tell me what is wrong in being supportive? I won't scream for sure. I mean, that's really stupid. just shut the fuck up and enjoy the movie???????€?
The story of brave british soldiers running back to their island to hide.
The music that starts playing at 1:30 is absolutely epic. I want that song ASAP.
This looks awesome. I expected nothing less from Christopher Nolan.
This looks amazing. Cillian Murphy is such a talented actor.
Dont mind me, I came here because its a WW2 film.
I am so pumped for this movie. The Evacuation of Dunkirk is a really incredible story and what they managed to accomplish was insane. I'm always surprised by how few people know about it.
mds como harry ta lindo senhor??????
Harry. is so beautiful can't wait to spend to much money when this movie comes out . literally gonna watch this movie 10 times so money will be made
This is going to be top of my illegal downloads next year. Looks awesome minus the minge from 1d
Nolan, we trust in you!
FUCK IT UP HARRY
OMG! Harry looks so good??????????????
When was the last time you didn't see CGI in a World War II film?
I thought Daniel Radcliff was in the trailer since everyone is taliing about ''Harry'' in the comments sextion. I must have watched the trailer atleast three times before realizing that it was the guy in one direction lol... I feel stupid now.
"???€?
 ????
 ????????????????????
 ????
 ????"
So exited !
Surprisingly, this trailer makes me more interested in the topic than I thought I would be. It's not the best trailer ever, but it does its job well enough. Hopefully the movie will be good!
Battlefield 1 the movie
azopotamare
People are fucking stupid hating on Harry styles and saying "They better not go watch it just for Harry styles" Tf people can go watch it for what ever fucking reason they want to, oh well deal with it.
"I don't get it why the comment section is filled with harry,not all his fans are fucking 12 year olds . Stop with the hate,he is doing a great job.
 People are more concerned about him rather than his own fans
 Like one direction fans know history like wtf? We aren't illiterate
 Just because you guys don't like him doesn't make You guys a genius in history
 Like seriously get a life
 No one screams in a theater"
watched
Yes! Tom Hardy... will watch even if harry styles doesn't drown
well honestly I watched this trailer just because Harry was in the movie and I wanted to see what he can do outside 1D but after watching the trailer I am more interested in watching the movie rather than him because of an interesting plot that the trailer promises
Yes I'm a fan of Harry Styles. Yes I'm going to watch it. But no, I'm not gonna scream. Why would I do that? I'm not going to watch the film j????st because Harry is in it.
ESE HANS ZIMMER!!!
Oooh, a Nolan film! I haven't seen one in a while... Can't wait for this one!
Please "Summer 2017", come soon!
Is Amazing!!! I am very proud of you Harry!!
Why do people get upset because many are here for harry? Fuck is the first time we are going to see our idol acting, we are fucking excited and proud, what is the problem with that?
why didnt they have planes too? no wonder they lost the war
Call of duty 2!!
mixed emotions for this. Lost an uncle there who I obviously never met, and my grandfather got off and went back on D-day.
I'm really excited for this movie not only because of Harry but because I love Christopher Nolan movies. I promisse I will do my best to not be screaming in the cinema. Love, Bruna.
Harry fucking Styles
Buaaaaaaaaaaaaa brutal
Awesome trailer, cast and music. Very excited to see it
My Gosh!!!
I really hope Harry's acting abilities are up to par... It would really suck if he tarnished this movie because he cant act...
loved it...loved it..loved it...and yes the theatres might be full of screaming teenager girls as it is their hero's first movie! Talkingabout the movie..its gonna be awesome!!!!
Nolan must provide an alternative history....
"Nolan can turn shit into gold.

 Waiting to see his alchemy on Styles now."
This going to be like saving private ryan sorta violent?
i came here for nolan :v
Did anyone else scream when they saw Harry freaking Styles... cuz I did
insane
GREAT
Looks epic
I am a huge fan of One Direction but I would most likely go to see this movie even if Harry wasn't in it. I love period movies especially done well and I have grown up watching old World War movies. I really hope the theatre isn't full of screaming girls. Honestly it will make me sick if it is.
I didn't came here for the actors, I came for the fucking movie.
not a 1d fan, but Styles looks impressive just with facial tones alone.
The second it started I was hooked I love cinematography and this one looks beautiful. And excited to see harry as an actor, give him a shot. From what I see he'll do good
Nolan you piece of shit this movie better have fucking magic in it or something
Everybody please stop belittling teenage girls! I'm not a teenager anymore, but why couldn't we enjoy this movie as well? Yes, many of us are here for Harry in the first place, but I ask the question, WHAT'S WRONG WITH THAT? Why don't you just let us enjoy the things that makes us happy. Why do you have to act like everything that young girls enjoy is not good? Harry got the role for a reason, don't judge him before you actually see his acting in the movie.
just what we need, another movie about WW2. we get it, already.
How refreshing to see a trailer that does nothing to get me excited about the movie.
I'm not saying this movie isn't gonna be great but people are gonna call it the greatest movie ever, regardless cuz it's directed by Nolan. There are too many Nolan fanboys and worst case scenario is it's gonna receive Interstellar type reception( which was a fine movie, nothing great, and people said it was the greatest movie ever, well, fanboys).
I'm just here for Christopher Nolan...
Why didn't they use anamorphic lenses? Btw i Love Christopher Nolan's use of practical effects and imax cameras!
"""I'm only going for this because of Harry""
 Bitch stfu! most of us here are going to see this for the tragic events that took place during the war and because of how talented Nolan is! So please stop spreading your fangirl bullshit and appreciate the film for the talent (Cillilan Murphy, Tom Hardy and Kenneth Branaugh) and story behind it."
Deserves Top 10 spot on IMDB top 250
The thing is, the Allies managed to evacuate to Britain, because the Germans halted their advance. Over 330,000 soldiers escaped. I'm not trying to diminish the gravitas of the event, but I wouldn't call it exactly an act of bravery, heroism or hope, specially when you put other major events of the war into context and compare them to it.
At first I thought this is a WW1 film cause the shape of their helmets look like one. But then the planes came, ah I was wrong. It's WW2 again right?
I'm a fan of Harry Styles, but I'm interested to see what the movie is about itself. In my school it was never taught or even mentioned in any of the history books. I'm very excited for the movie to come out.
Wait....what...Harry Styles....isn't he from.....neah....i'm confusing name probably
wish i knew what this is about
"hops in water
 I'M COMING FOR YOU HARRY, YOU'RE NOT DYING ON MY WATCH"
the casting for this movie is insane. so excited!
"Harry in this film is what i live for !!! So proud of my love ??????????????
 Can't wait !!!"
"I'm going to buy the movie instead
 I feel like if I go see it in a theater there will just be a bunch of screaming fans

 Even though I love Harry I really wanna see the movie as well"
Harry Styles ??????????????????
Where is Michael Caine? :(
Is it only me or does anyone else think that Tom Hardy plays a German pilot in this? If that's the case then this movie is going to be definitely cool ( not that there was much doubt that regarding before) because it's not going to be a straightforward war movie. It'll show the German perspective too.
Spectacular.
With all due respect to the USA. it is nice to see ww2 movies about Britain
"Harry styles you think darkness is your ally? You merely adopted the dark. Tom Hardy was born in it, molded by it. Tom didn't see the light until he was already a man" - Bane
British people obviously know all about Dunkirk as it is a huge part of our history, however I have always thought it was a massive shame that other nationality's don't really know about it. Americans learn all about D-day of course with good reason it was an American lead military operation and a huge moment in history but its good to remember than the tiny island of great Britain stood alone against the overwhelming might of Nazi Germany, even after all Britain's alleys abandoned them they still held strong... there will never be a generation like that again unfortunately.
I HAVE TO WATCH THIS!
This is going to be Nolan's Pearl Harbor. A disaster about a disaster.
There were guys in the water lining up....why?
I love harry styles and I love movies like this, but I swear if these stupid girls come in screaming in the movies I will have to go off on somebody.
The trailer is alright, but I'll still watch it tho. Hardy + Nolan + Hans zimmer = fuck my mind
Only in Battlefield
Hit like if u liked the video before watching it ..????????
WHERE IS THE FRENCH
I feel like i already saw this movie
isee tom hardy ipress like
Chris Nolan never disappoints.
Nolan is the greatest to ever do it.
I'll admit, I don't know much about the British's (Are those the British?) battles with Germany but this moving looks kinda boring. They are on boats, they get shot by German planes, end up back on the beach, then get on boats again, get shot by German planes, then end up on the beach again... Am I viewing this right?
I tried to warn you at the horrible mistake you were making Warner BROS (emphasis on the BRO because clearly this is the work of the patriarchy) in the teaser trailer, but did you listen to me? No. This movie is RACIST. I know from watching Dr Who and many other fine BBC documentaries that England has always been at least 60% People of Colour going back to ancient times. Yet here we are in 2016 and you're pretending that all of it's soldiers are CIS WHITE MEN. It's disgusting and any Cinema that shows this FILTH needs to be burned down in the name of tolerance.
Not one fucking mention of the 51st Highland Division.
Wolrd War 2 is so hot right now!
I am still looking for that new Godzilla movie
People saying shit like "is that that one direction guy what the fuck" well "that one direction guy" is harry styles and in fact: harry styles has more talents. He is in fact an amazing actor and i think this role suits him so much. And also: you can't only ride a bike can you? People can have more talents than 1 or maybe even 2. My point has been made thank you.
damn thomas shelby went from world war 1 to world war 2
so o harry pra me faze ve um video da segunda guerra mundial e que eu nem sei fala o nome
VOU ASSISTIR PELO HAROLDO NO ESTILO <3
wat a background score.. amazing hans zimmer... Christopher Nolan u r great!
choo choo hype train inbound.
How does A SINGER get a part in a project like THIS??
Here i liked only 'Hanz Zimmer' special for 1.28 to 1.57
"#Overwhelmed_ I'm damn sure I'll cry while watching Dunkirk
 ?????€????????€??? I'll be like-""where's Harry?! ..where's Harry?!""
 *Harry appears
 ""O MY GOD!!!!HARRRRYYYY""???????€????????€????????€??????€???"
SAVING PRIVATE HARRY
like si solo la vas a ver por harry
OMG HARRY?????€??? HE'S SO CUTE?????€??€?I LOVE HIM
"Chris and Jonathan Nolan, Hardy, Zimmer and Cilian Murphy.
 This is going to be pure legendary."
HARRYYY ????????
A new Christopher Nolan movie is one thing. A WAR MOVIE BY CHRISTOPHER NOLAN HOWEVER? Now you got my attention. As for Harry Styles, if he's in this movie, I'm sure they made him audition through hell and back so let's hope he earned that role. Don't let me down kid
them spitfires flying ????????
Hans zimmer's background score is just mindboggling...goosebumps while watching the trailer
So what if people are interested in this film because of Harry Styles? If it exposes them to valuable lessons, the kind which only history can bestow upon us, then it was a genius idea to cast him! Hell I would love to see a movie about the Second Punic War, so if it takes Harry Styles playing Scipio Africanus then I am totally down. I get to see something I love, and a whole new group of people are exposed to joys of learning about our history. I also notice that people aren't "worried" about Nolan fans coming to see this because of Christopher Nolan. Kind of a double standard.
what's song?
Looks okay, but the cast is hideously white.....
Nolan is so terribly overrated. he and Zak Snyder both should be directing tabletop and car commercials.
Goosebumps kicked in real hard when the intense music came. Sounds amazing! Hanz zimmer is the best.
I appreciate Harry Styles is challenging himself creatively by going into acting. But these fan girls who will inflate his role in this film, and make it all about him will turn people off. He's a small part of a bigger picture, and could go on to do more films. Pleases stop creaming in the comments. This is Dunkirk not the Harry Styles show.
listen you crusty fat male ugly fucks, if christopher nolan casted harry to be in this film, YOU KNOW HE'S A FANTASTIC ACTOR AND HAS POTENTIAL. nolan being a very succesful director obviously knows his shit. he wouldn't cast harry if he had average performance skills. this is harry's debut movie and we're allowed to be excited over that. god forbid we're proud of a person that's achieving so much in his career. if you're really getting upset over a bunch of teenage girls seeing this movie for harry, then you must be bored with your life and do nothing but troll in the youtube comment section. get a fucking job, move out of your parents' basement, stop being pedophiles and replying to adolescent girls, and don't get your microscopic dicks in a twist over something that's not worth getting fired up for. go choke on your own fucking narcissism and drink a bottle bleach while you're at it.
This movie looks great!!! AND HARRYY!!!
All these people here are being really rude to us Harry fans but at the end of the day we're the one who are gonna be giving them the money and breaking box office records and shit. Just watch
Hans Zimmer is so shit. His music is just a bunch of industrial noise.
Why all the people comments about Harry and his fans? I mean this movie will be great with or without Harry? So stfu
Tom Shelby and Alfie Solomons
"Most of the comments are people hating 1D fans, assuming they are girls (they are boys too) of 10 years old who are going to scream in the cinema. I'm not 10 years old I'm 21 as many other fans. I'm not immature and I'm not gonna scream in the cinema.
 If someone is going to the cinema for Nolan it's okay. If someone is going for the soundtrack it's okay. If someone is going for Harry or for another actor then it's alright too. Live life without bothering other people. Be happy"
"God, please kill every single girl who will go to the cinema because of ""Harry"". I hate loud moviegoers
 ."
It's official, if Harry Styles can act then it takes no skill whatsoever... First I see Justin Bieber and Fouseytube and now this.. God save us all Smh
i see more people complaining about Harry comments than fangirls freaking out over Harry
What is this movie about
Damn, the new Battlefield 1 DLC is looking good!
There can be no true hope without despair.
Most succesful Director one of the best Actors it'll be a perfect
Anyone know the name of the song? Trying to determine if this is the score from Dunkirk or if Nolan is doing as he did with Interstellar and using outside sources of music for the trailers (besides the Interstellar teaser using Day One).
You are a wizard harry
More grain please
From the creator of MURPHHHH!!! DONT LET ME LEAVE!
Dunkirk it is!
"Looks like a nice propaganda movie.
 Pass!"
This trailer is little more than a cinematographers wet dream.
The comment section is just cancer and hate for Harry. If you don't like Harry Styles you need to blame Nolan for casting him in this movie not Harry's fans who've bought his music and praise him for his good work.
Watch the classic "Come and See" 1985, an epic Soviet film ,one of the most disturbing WW2 movies you'll ever see
I'm directioner and I've got a lot of reason why I need to watch this film, war films are my favorites and all of you ( fans) shouldn't come here just to say "IM HERE FOR HARRY" It's a really good film directed by CHRISTOPHER NOLAN. I'd watch it even If Harry Styles wasn't in it , I really don't care so...????????
Harry Styles guys
many people (especially girls) who want to watch this smart & deep movie only just to see Harry Styles, sadly, a lot of people in this world are shallow & superficial. this is why I lost hope in Humanity.
The Battlefield 2 trailer is out so soon? And the graphics look so damn good
If Harry dies in the film, I'm going to cry really hard
This better be an 18
WHATS THE SONG CALLED OMG
I honestly highly doubt the younger Harry Styles fans will go see this. I'm sure the older ones, like 16/17 and older, will absolutely. The younger ones will get bored, scared, etc. They'll probably watch clips and look at pictures, but I doubt they'll see it. So chill about the "the theatre will be full of 12 year old" crap. The older fans are interested in the movie and Harry. And I'm pretty sure that Christopher Nolan's judgement on hiring Harry Styles or not is better than some random dude who's a fan of Nolan's work. He probably knows more about acting and movies than you do. And if anything, fans of Harry will get a good history lesson, and appreciate Christopher Nolan's work, too. I seriously did't even know "Dunkirk" existed until I heard of Harry Styles being in this movie, and I really don't know why that's a bad thing.
Let me guess... It's Hans Zimmer...
I am so prepared to go to the cinema and to see the Harry's first movie. If they cannot stand, what a sad, it imports half a kilo of shit for me.
Looks okay, but the cast is hideously white....
Cillian Murphy yes please
It was not bad. And it would be much more better if it were R-rated.
Harry Styles you deserve an oscar!
Shook
WOOOW, THERE'S TOO MANY WHITE MALES IN THE BRITISH ARMY IN THIS MOVIE, RACIST MUCH? WHERE'S ALL THE POC AND TRANSGENDERED WOMEN?
Who the fuck is Harry Styles?
Battlefield 1! Same Story! Nolan Does it again!
ONE DIRECTION fans make me laugh. But hey, more tickets for the movie!
why are all these people so butt hurt about a famous guy being in a movie ???????€????????€? like just because he's a member of a world famous boy band doesn't mean he's a bad actor and he shouldn't be in it?? calm down lmao
I look forward to another PG-13 Action film from Christopher Nolan.
Cast of Inception and Harry Styles
KANSJNSJSJSJAJJSJAJBBSBDBEBE
who cares if people want to go see that movie just for harry, like get the fuck over it.
Awww yeah BF-109s and Stuka's! Destroy those brits.
Waited for Tom Hardy.He showed up just 2 seconds but it was so worth it
0:37 nice timing of the extra...not.
fuck harry .... eminem 1 movie 1 oscar
I came here for my boy Tom Hardy
Wow. That's an amazing trailer
Meh
I am not ready for this movie!!!!
Dear Directioners just fuckkk off
smart move by Nolan for putting Harry styles In the film. MORE MONEY MORE MONEY
Goosebumps at 1:29 ...
they should do a ww2 movie about Russians in the eastern front, Germans have more movies about their perspective in ww2 than the Russians for crying out loud
The movie doesn't seem to be set during WWII, but today... It's weird.
HARRY STYLES!
R rated or PG 13 ?...
Cillian murphy !!!!???????€??????????????????????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?
I swear the British are some dumb fucking people ???????€????????€????????€?. how are you going to let 400,000 soldiers on the beach so German soldiers can kill yall easily???????€????????€????????€?smh
Who is Harry Styles?
Fuck yeah Bane.
OMG
Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy! Epic!
a bit underwhelming for me.
What's with the weird flag at 0:14 ?
Harry looks like that one character who's likely going to die first
Nolan S U C K S .
Christieeeeee???????????????€?
I came here for the messerschmitts ?????€???
Looks good.
Please don't forget french and belgian sacrifice, Please don't forget french and belgian sacrifice, Please don't forget french and belgian sacrifice
"This summer?! I have the attention span of a gnat. Movie looks good, but I will have totally forgotten about it by summer.
 Oh well."
I am so fucking die... ?????????????????????????????????????€????????€????????€???
All these comments about Nolan and Styles, not one about the towering talent that is Kenneth Branagh, and his chilling oration.
Am I the only one who went in movie trance with this trailer ????????
This is the first time I saw a trailer from Christopher Nolan movie, and I feel utterly uninterested...a mismatched story?
one single shot of tom hardy? thats it? come on man!!
Will this be rated R? Anyone knows?
Harry!! i'm So exited.. ???????€????????€?
"I hope Harry doesn't die






 But I hope he gets PTSD from the Jericho sirens"
I was honestly waiting to be disapointed because i thought that the directors will only focus on Harry, but damn they didn't do that. All the actors are on point, i even got chills jeeez! Can't wait to watch this movie.
No French ? Wow ...
Spoiler alert: 400000 soldiers are evacuated to Britain. Hitler decided to halt the attack on Dunkirk which allowed the allied troops to get away
Well that sucked.
Wow! This is that 1D star Harry Styles' first movie and I'm excited to see it next year.
The scene when Harry was drowning was emotional ???????? the whole movie looks emotional I already know i will have a box of tissues next to me when i see the movie
I N N O L A N W E T R U S T
scene of soldiers standing on that beach reminded me of playing bf4 and getting annihilated by all those DAMN PLANES...
what the hell... tom hardy is only in one scene... i thought he's the lead role for the movie
Harry better not die in this movie.
Nah I'm not fucking with this all white cast
Bad trailer.
just wanted to day that if hitler didn't delay the order all of these soldiers would of been killed or captured, it was german stupidity in leadership that saved these soldiers
Everyone is stoked to see Tom Hardy and I'm here excited for Cillian Murphy.
when grown men and women get triggered by fangirls.... really? i'm not into war movies. i'm going to watch?? this for?? Nolan and Hardy. if a Harry Styles fan wants to watch it because of him, let them be.?? relax
Did Harry say Dunkirk at 1:13
harry ???????????????????????? im so proud of him. also this movie looks so good i can't wait
I was a fan of Harry now I'm just excited for the Battle of Dunkirk, I stg if there's fangirls at the theatre I will slap them all
I'm really excited to see what Harry's acting is like but the movie really looks great it's emotional and I'm excited to see it not just for Harry but it looks amazing and i wish that some fans would just stop for a second and realize that the movie is not just about Harry
Never knew British people had American accent in the 40s.
I'm excited for any movie that made Harry Styles cut his hair. And Chris Nolan. And Tom Hardy. And Cilian Murphy.
I just looked for Harry all the Time ???????€?
MY BEAUTIFUL FROG SON
ABSOLUTELY IN LOVE
this movie looks so good can't wait to see it. im so proud of harry
What's the name of the song?
Marcel gon' be the shiiiit in this film
British having pride for their nation's history?? I thought liberals looked down on it. lol
"How a man be this freakin genius... how a director show this much of uniqueness in his every movie..?

 IN NOLAN WE TRUST..!!"
I'M DEAD BYE
HOLY SHIT I'M SVREAMJNG
no offense but this looks like crap where are the american troops?? we were like the biggest force in ww1 and 2 so its a bit stupid im hearing british accents. thumbs DOWN
Nolan and Hans Zimmer it can't get any better! Wow! Can't wait. #christophernolan #hanszimmer #dunkirk
Looks cool. Won't see it...because WW2 is too overdone. See ya in a few years Nolan (hopefully)
Three names that make this film a guarantee watch: Hans Zimmer, Cillian Murphy, and Christopher Nolan.
"Why waste precious tanks when you can pick us off from the air like fish in a barrel?" Acchhhtually, the panzer divisions stopped following a direct order from Hitler, who wanted to reign in his generals and punish them for not following the plan as he set out. If the generals were given autonomy like in other armies, the germans would have obliterated the British at Dunkirk and taken hundreds of thousands of prisoners. Probably forcing Britain out of the war. So yeah, good job Hitler.
I hope Tom hardy is the mean character
This looks like a good movie, I wanna watch it????????didn't even know Harry was in it, until I read the comments lmao. I'm not a fan but I'd go watch it because it reminds me of the game battlefield ???????^???????
its touching
400 dislikes!
"Hey if this movie educates little fan girls about war I'm all for it.
 That's an entire generation enlightened on an event that occurred in WWII"
so to aqui pelo Harry
omg is that harry on the far left at 47?
Hitler allows the British to leave Dunkirk as an offer of peace. Pity most people are to lazy to read.
"Whenever I watch an war film, I got an feeling like "" Strive harder in life, like a soldier would be striving to survive in a war""
 Christopher Nolan's ""Dunkirk "" will be epic and will grab multiple Oscars, hopefully."
You know what's dumb? Somebody who is seeing the movie for Christopher Nolan's directing or for Tom Hardy and his performance, or even Hanz Zimmer's work on the film shitting on somebody for seeing the movie wanting to see Harry Styles.
One direction Harry styles may have been what brought me here but I'm actually really excited to see this movie for more than just his debut. I'm excited for the filming, Nolan, to learn about this event in history, and to see all these actors characters preform with amazing emotion. All the people in the comments annoyed that Harry fans might be in the same theater as you need to realize that not all of us are just there to squeal in the corner. Also haven't you ever had someone you look up to (like Nolan) and only watched or went to a movie for them or that reason. It's no different. Please be kind and hope that his role in the movie might bring a new audience to the showing that can now use him as an opportunity to learn about Dunkirk and the stories of these men.
Haaarrrrreeeyyyyyy ma dear xD harry's da real shit
at first I thought that this movie wasn't going to be good but now I'm so exited to see it!
wtf is "Harry fan girls"? Define it...
Any comments about the new Hans Zimmer's masterpiece??
So happy for my Bby Harry styles
if it's Christopher Nolan then hell yes!!
For a Christopher Nolan film, this looks pretty good. I'm curious as to how long this film will be based on how long The Dark Knight Rises and Interstellar were but I don't mind as long as the movie's good. I've always liked war films so I'm looking forward to how this one will turn out. I see that Nolan has his main players like Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy in here as well. If only next summer could come sooner.
Going to be a brilliant movie! Such great actors and creators
"I'm soaked.
 Uhh, I mean stoked."
Doesn't batman fight Nazis in the old comics? where is batman? I see Bane in a plane.
I'm so excited to see this movie. I'm a fan of Harry Styles, but I'm not going to see the movie because of him. I'll see about the story, the plot, the actors, the work, and for being a CHRISTOPHER FUCKING NOLAN movie. For the directioners, this film is much more than Harry Styles, and for the haters, he wouldn't be in the movie if he wasn't a good actor.
fuck my life this movie is gonna slay my existence
"Grown men are bitching about Styles,since his fans support him
 Though, some of you are gonna watch Dunkirk just because of Nolan or Hardy....like wtf isn't it basically the same thing? Everyone is supporting their favorites...SO FUCKING STOP HATING"
"Chris Nolan: Hey Tom, I've written a part for you in my new WWII film.

 Tom Hardy: Awesome! You'll be able to see my mouth move when I talk this ti- oh."
OMG HARRY I'M SHOOK YAAS
Harry is pretty ! ???????
"Be careful, Gentleman, it's very flammable :o)
 although, to be honest - this trailer is not so impressive. But the only idea that THIS IS NOLAN can rise a fire in my mind)
 Christopher haven't drop his bar so far (if my English is correct)
 WAITING! P.S. are rumors about DiCaprio still relevant? don't confuse ""relevant"" with ""Revenant"" :o)"
Oh my God??????????????????????????
To be honest, if i din know the director beforehand, this trailer is like just another average war movie trailer...i really hope the movie lives up to Nolan name...
"Who's here for harry? <3
 #SummerGoals"
Harry
this and the lego batman movie, that I'll absolutely watch 2017
387 Nazis disliked this...
Battlefield 1
I admit I'm only going to watch the movie because of Harry, but this actually seams a great movie.
seems like a boring version of saving private ryan. wheres the action?
not gonna lie but got freaking goosebumps watching this trailer ????????
I am not Harry styles fan but if you are being casted by Christopher Nolan then there is something in you for sure..
harry!!!! ????????????????????????????????
Okay so, y'all ( haters of Harry) need to shut the fuck up! We came here for OUR fucking reason & it's our right! if u dont like harry take ur shit and go away. Because no one gives a shit
Christopher Nolan, thank you for being alive! This man really delivers the best films out there. Also I'm assuming Hans Zimmer will be composing the soundtrack, as in every Nolan film??????? so yeah??????? EPIC!
Harry Styles :-)
Who cares if people have come to see this because of harry styles of it means a large young audience gets to also learn about one of the most famous and horrendous times in our history then good.
"In association with Battlefield 1"
dont worry eventually they will back to England, Hitler not gonna kill them ALL, HAHA GOT U
nolan do whatever you want just please don't mindfuck us
let me just say HOLY FUCKING SHIT
I care more about seeing this movie than Rogue One.
And the Oscar for Best Picture goes to..
My baby hazza ????????????????????
It is so annoying to see adults aged 25-40 (I guess) insulting us and wanting death just for supporting Harry in his first movie. Because they don't just get a life and stop bothering? I don't give a shit about who you guys are here, I'm backing Harry and if you don't like it takes note and take it up to your ass.
harry
I'm actually glad that harry styles is in this, it'll give his prepubescent fans a chance to learn something important.
I'm a huge Nolan fanboy but this trailer feels... odd, like out of place, or with weird pacing/sound.
I could hear Stuka's Jericho sirens, no Stukas in the trailer though :(
At this point, I'm in for anything Chris Nolan, the man's a master, having Tom Hardy and Mark Rylance just adds to the awesome!
I see no Micheal Caine in there......:P
Millions of girls gonna watch this movie just bcoz harry styles is there in movie
at 1:10 you can hear Harry saying "where are we going....Dunkirk" ???????????????€?????????
Anyone else watching this to see Kenneth Branagh be awesome AGAIN?
"Harry was in this?
 didnt even notice him
 what time is he shown?"
Im here for Nolan and tom hardy.
"I hope french army will be represented and respected, there were about 160 000 french soldiers and 330 english soldiers.
 Plus the french army stayed at Dunkirk to cover the evacuation of the troops, they fought until their death
 So 30 000 french soldiers were captured by the german saving 330 000 soldiers (whose 120 000 french soldiers)
 It's truly a heroic act from the french army, and it's rare to notice x)
 Sorry for the bad english I'm french ;)"
"We are losing objective butter."
1:53 Harry Styles drowning
Is this new Battlefield 1 World War II DLC?
Dunkirk looks amazing.The last part gave me goosebumps.wow
Beautiful
"There's no hiding from this son. We've a job to do!"
HARRY MY BABY OMG ?????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?
Looks great but it bothers me that after Inception Nolan is now afraid to go for the R rating. A movie like this should be R to add to the feeling of fear and desperation. This looks more PG-13. Still looks great though and I can't fucking wait.
SO READY FOR THIS OMG
Nolon u r great......waiting for summer2017
why would you make a film about one of the worlds most tragic moments
IM SO READY FOR THIS. WHEN HARRY DROWNED I CRIED.
So glad the harry fangirls will be to young to see this. Its gonna be good
And here I thought this was an awesome movie trailer. Then the fan girls ruined it. And then I realize that my movie experience is fucked since I'm sure that 70% of the damn theater is gonna be packed with them
Hitler: Greatest Story Never Told.
I need to see more HARRY
Oh Lord I guess the 32k likes are from directioners.
Christopher Nolan and Hideo Kojima should create something together, just imagine what it would be like.
that background score at the ending gives chills.
BOIIII
Baby you light up my world like nobody else... you dont you r beautiful
Holy shit
Who is harry style ? And where does he appear in this trailer .. please someone mention the time
This is gonna be good.
Ok even I'm excited that Harry Styles is making his acting debut but can people please stfu about the fact that they're only gonna watch it for him this is a beautiful movie and even the cast and crew want you to watch it for that and history behind it. This trailer is amazing and I have complete faith the movie will be spectacular.
"ugh, white people much? I cant believe how racist the movie industry
 still is I mean it's 2016 there needs to be loads more diversity in
 movies ugh this is literally a donald trump movie ugh I cant even right
 now"
????Carajo, ya quiero verlo!
While this movie looks badass, I think we need more WWI movies. Sooooo many WWII stories such as Dunkirk need to be brought to cinema though.
Christopher Nolan = automatic ticket purchase from me. Cannot wait.
Dunkey. Where's Dunkey?
A film without a single woman. Cool.
HARRU
my great granddad was there
wow the movie look amazing....
I still find a colab between Christopher Nolan and Harry Styles is unbelievable.
Tom Hardy
Harry!!! ?????????????????????????????????????????????
Team H
And the Oscar for best director goes to.....
zzzzzzzzzzzzz rat-a-tat-tat zzzzzzzzzzzzz rat-a-tat-tat zzzzzzzzzzzzz rat-a-tat-tat zzzzzzzzzzzzz rat-a-tat-tat... boom! Oscar.
heck, i dont even think that these fangirls even know the real story behind the movie.
hAROLD
I am so glad Dunkirk is getting attention. It was the only time in the war we we're truly alone. France had fallen. Poland had been obliterated. Russia was still on the side of the Germans. It was just us... and it must have been terrifying.
sad to know many people came here for harry, and I'm just sitting here waiting for another masterpiece from nolan
Omg, Harry Styles ????????
OMG !?????????????? harry styles
Damn that's one intense trailer. I love the heartbeat in the background. I got chills. Definitely going to see this.
Here for Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy??????
I'm here for the fact we're finally getting a Dunkirk movie, took them long enough
someone explain to me why the fuck is harry styles it this?
I cried when Harry drowned.... Christopher you can't let my baby die in this fucking movie
loved the trailer, I even saw harry twice.
do you really think one direction fans wouldn't be excited lol get used to it bitches we're fuckin pumped!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
500k squad
thala... mass thala ne...
HARRY
Casting Styles in this sort of movie is a very risky move. But I have faith in Nolan, guy knows what he's doing. Comparing Ledger to Styles makes no sense though. Ledger at least was an established actor before being cast as Joker. Styles is a teenage heartthrob with no proven acting ability. That's not to say he won't be able to act, but comparing him to Ledger is like comparing a surgeon to a guy who shitposts on WebMD.
where the fuck is my nigga tom hardy at ?
I don't really like Harry that much, but I think he'll do well in this movie. Who knows, we'll just have to see.
I.Can't.Wait
I'M ONLY HERE FOR HARRY FREAKING STYLES AND Y'ALL CAN SUCK IT.
Fuck Harry, fuck Tom hardy, forget them all. I'm going to see this movie for the fact that the evacuation of Dunkirk was the biggest evacuation by sea, ever.
AhhhhhHHHHH I'M SOOOO EXCITED FOR THISSSSS.
Why is everyone so mad at people for being excited that Harry is in a movie like this is a big deal let us have our joy without you pushing us down thanks
"I'm here because I'm interested in the movie, not an ex-popstar.
 Fuck me right?"
I hope the sound designers for the movie dont give every aircraft the jericho sirens as the dive/fly by. Only stukas had them, and not every stuka had them. In fact most stuka pilots hated the sirens and would break them off.
Anyone think that this movie will be better than Saving Private Ryan?
I'm here for Nolanharry :) who else ??
if someone's favorite actor is in a movie, they're gonna see it. lol
Conspiracy theory: Nolan only cast harry styles so nerds like me who love his movies can finally get out and meet some girls
Christopher Nolan can take my money already
HARRY DONT FREAKING DROWN OR I SWEAR TO GOD I THINK I MAY DIE
Christopher Nolan, Hans Zimmer, and Tom Hardy! Don't know about Harry Styles but if Nolan picked him then I'm ok with it. Even if this movie doesn't win awards I'm god damn sure it'll be good!
"I just scrolled down in the comments and almost everybody is hating on Harry Styles ""stupid"" fans, throwing bad words and this isn't right.Ok, I understood,you hate Harry Styles fans but stop hating on them,ok? No one gives a fuck about your opinion about Harry's fans and not all of them are 12 and if they are,what? They will go and see the fucking movie without screaming I am really sure of it. And they will make the movie more popular (than it already is).
 Just stop hating."
I'm save You Harry <3
Cillian Murphy and Kenneth Branagh? Hell yeah
The only reason we get excited about Harry is because we're so proud of him. For this great achievement.
I'm excited for this
Is thay the One Direction fruit? Oh fucking hell nooooo
The fan girls of Harry probably don't even know the importance of Dunkirk, I swear if I see a bunch of fan girls in the theater when I watch this I'll love my shit.
????OMG! Harry!!!!!!
Harry is an amazing actor?????€????????€????????€????????€???...I love him????????????????????????
????????????????????€????? ???????????€????????€????????€????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????????? ???????€? ???????€????????? ???????????€?????????????. ???????€? ???????€????????? ???????????????€?????????. ???????????????????? ???€?????????????????!!!
When your probably one of the only people here for the real talent, Christopher Nolan's directing, as well as Mark Rylance, Cillian Murphy & Tom Hardy. Like three of my most beloved actors all under the same roof, wow. I assume One Direction wasn't paying well though, poor Harry.
The teeny girls who doesn't knw about Nolan and are planning to watch the movie for harry!! Congrats... You are the most idiotic thing on this planet!
Why everyone is hating. Please people, because teenage girls are fans of Harry Styles doesn't mean we'll gonna scream in the cinema or just watching scenes with him. So many people are going to watch JUST because it's a Nolan movie, and there's nothing bad in it. Sometimes people also watch a movie because of their favorite actor/actress. What is the problem if someone likes Harry? The movie will got a bigger audition, it's good for everyone. In my opinion the movie will be good.
HARRY STYLES anyone ??
HARRY MY BABY
Not a huge fan of this kind of movie but because of Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer i'm going to see it for sure !
Saving PVT Ryan. British version. With a twist.
here for Hans Zimmer
I'm here for Chris Nolan, Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, Kenneth Branagh, Mark Rylance, Harry Styles and Hans Zimmer turn down for what -.-
Smh to the people that are saying "uh the theater better not be full of fangirls/boys" because guess what? THERE'S GONNA BE A LOT AND I'M ONE OF 'EM SO DEAL W IT
0:47 I was screaming "MY SON"
It will be a nightmare watch this movie in the theater with all those One Direction fans screaming like the retarded cunts they are.
friendly reminder that harry wasn't casted because he's already famous!!! the producers, christopher nolan & cillian murphy all said he had to go through several rounds of auditions & they saw raw talent in him & that he really had to work hard to get the part. so before y'all get all ???????oh my god harry styles cant act! he isn't an actor! he's just in it cause he's already famous" lol BITCH YOU THOUGHT
So the French is in dlc again.
Woah Harry looks so new and different.Nolan might have casted him for a reason. I just hope there aren't any shouting and screaming fangirls in the theatre. we know you love him but please try to control.
"You can practically see it from here.. What?
 ""NOLANISM."""
i'm here for Nolan. this guy doesn't know how to make a bad film
Seeing Harry Styles as a bullet riddled corpse will be great.
Looks Intense. May go watch it.
shook
I came here to discuss the movie with some movie enthusiast's and Nolan fans but all they do is commenting about Harry, even more than his own fans do. Akward
Without Christian Bale, Michael Cane or Tom Hardy it just isn't a Christopher Nolan movie.
In Nolan We Trust
MY BABY HARRY STYLES IS IN THIS MY BEAUTIFUL CHILD
I came for Hardy
I'm so proud of my son ??????
Better film about Omaha beach, the D-Day
Holy shit this looks awesome
1:13 roll credits
OMG HARRY STYLES
Did I see Tom Hardy?!
Harry omg adhgdjkdufk
MUUUUURRRRRPHHHHH!!!!!...wait...wrong movie..
Looks awful. People aren't bored of this BORING war crap by now? Geezus.
The movie looks great, but didn't Nolan forget the french were also here ? And the last stand the french army gave to the germans allowed the british to retreat ?
Can't wait to Pirate this shit
I Love it ????????
Im not going to lie. I'm only going to see this because of Christopher Nolan. He has made me a fan for life. So he will forever get the benefit of the doubt from me. #Nolanite
Looks empty....
Harryyyyyyyy my love ????????????????????????
i swear nolan...if harry dies in this movie...we directioners wont be happy
my God I'm so exited for this
I'm in tears, i really need to see this movie.
The name CHRISTOPHER NOLAN is enough rest i dont even care, gonna watch.
Christopher Nolan?????€???
This trailer looks really good. Glad that a film has been made about this
Dont mind me, Im just here for Thomas F*CKING Shelby!
Harryyyyyyy
did anyone get an Inception vibe for the frist 5 seconds of the trailer?
I'm genuinely excited as hell for this movie to come out. Having harry is a plus I really don't care that he's in it I'm just excited for the movie itself
sorry nolan this looks balls lad
"Nolan's minimalist effects style is usually pretty damn good, because he usually makes films about fantasies, but here it looks way too sterile, almost cheep, like the reenactments they play on history channel documentaries. The explosions that are clearly just dust blasts or too pyrotechnic, the absence of blood, (headwounds bleed an absolute fuckton in reality) solely the implication of injury or death. I hope this is just because post production is still heavy underway, but as it stands now, this literally looks a euphemism of war.
 The Dunkirk sequence in Atonement is great, though quite stylized- gritty, dirty, confusing, and most of all, features all of the real bizarness of military campaigns in the early months of the war."
cant wait till the movie comes out....even the trailer is legit!!!
fascist go to hell
THAT SCENE WITH HARRY DROWNING MADE ME DIE A LITTLE INSIDE?????€??€? I swear if Christopher Nolan kills off Harry's character, I'm suing.
i don't care what some ppl say Harry will killed it in this movie as much as he does in singing proud of him ??????
Awesome
I always smile when i see those actors who always in every Christoper Nolan's last few movies
Where's Michael Caine? He's gonna be in this, right?... Right?!
God bless Britannia and our gallant Dunkirk hero's
Can't wait to see the movie, I want to see Harry's work and also Dunkirk during the world war, I live a hour from there and it's horrible when I think about everything what happened so close a hundred years ago ?????€??€?
I couldn't give two rat turds about Harry. if he's believable in the role, awesome. but I'm here to see the legend that is Tom Hardy
Hans zimmer is a blessing that soundtrack FUCK
Harry
I can already feel the power of the music, Hans Zimmer at it again
like
BENWNW
"I JUST ASK OR ONE THING!
 When I go watch this in the movie theater, PLEASE don't scream when Harry comes up ???????? even the comments make me angry (And I love One Direction) this looks like such a good movie and Nolan is amazing, even if Harry wasn't in it I would've though the same thing."
"Been waiting for this since a long time.
 Nolan!"
so??
Mark Rylance and Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy... not a bad line up
Harryyyyy ????????????????
is that fucking one direction guy in this? what the fucking fuck.
"""Even though large tracts of Europe and many old and famous States have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gestapo and all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule, we shall not flag or fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender, and if, which I do not for a moment believe, this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving, then our Empire beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the British Fleet, would carry on the struggle, until, in God's good time, the New World, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old.""

 Famous Winston Churchill speech after the Dunkirk evacuation (Operation Dynamo)"
To fan girls: This movie isn't about Harry Styles, okay? This movie is about history please be respectful, at least show some respect to everyone that have fought & died in the battle of Dunkirk, France.
Mr. Styles, you killed it. I'm so proud of you son.
nooooo
Trailers can be deceiving, lets not be put off just yet. More trailers are to come and i have faith the movie will be great.
Chris Nolan, Hardy, Murphy, say no more.
great... another world war 2 movie.. how original..
Nolan and Zimmer will create magic together one more time.
Yer a faggot, Arry
D'apr????s certaines personnes il faut avoir BAC +5 minimum pour aller voir ce film au cin????ma ? Laissez les jeunes adolescentes tranquilles parce que non, ce ne?? sont pas toutes des demeur????es, alors m????me si elles aiment Nolan ou Murphy ou Styles, tout le monde m????rite d'aller voir ce film sans jugement, qu'on est 15 ans ou 50. Certaines personnes croient avoir un comportement mature ?? juger des fans sans se rendre compte que c'est eux qui ont l'air immature d'avoir autant d'aprioris stupides. Pas besoin d'avoir un certificat d'intelligence pour aller voir un film au cin????ma. Merci, au revoir.
this movie will bomb..?????€??? sorry chris, but you are losing it..
I can not wait to see him ???????? !!!! Very Harry Styles .... !!!!! ????????????????????
Dunkirk : The english escape the german invasion thanks to the french soldiers who sacrified their life. So where are the french ???
haRRY LOOKS SO GOOD
Nolan should not have entered political/historical conflicts between nations ...
the BFGs got your back
Another epic from Christopher Nolan on his way.I still remember Interstellar docking scene which is one of the best scene I have ever seen as well as best Movie.
And the?? Oscar Goes To...,
Chris Nolan must secretly want to appeal to One Direction fangirls, all they're gonna do is slate this film and call it boring like they probably have for Chris's other masterpieces if they had the intellectual capability to even make it to the end.
"Who the fuck is Harry Styles....
 I only see Nolan in every frame....
 and Hans Zimmer in Headphones..."
Wow. Intense. Looks spectacularly well crafted. It's films like this that makes me a movie enthusiast.
bucket list
1:02 My pussy gets wet when I see an 109 and a Spitfire like that, and I don't even have a pussy. That looks like a HA-1112 though, but I'm not even mad because that means they used actual planes instead of CGI.
harry looks so perfect here.. only reason ill go see the movie lol, i hope he has a big role in it
????????????????????? ???????????€? 10 , ???????????? ???????????????????€? ???????????????????€????? , ???€????€????? ???????????????????? ???????€?????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????€????€?
NOLAN'S DUNKIRK (Y)
I am a fan of 1D but if i go see this in theaters and girls scream everytime harry has screen time i will fkin lose it
Can he make a movie without Cillian and Hardy?? (I hope not)
Will the French be in a DLC again ?
I have no problem with people seeing the movie because of harry but please try not to shout out or disturb anyone when he's on or anything. I know you probably wouldn't but I know I would be pissed if I went to the movie theatre and it was full of fan girls shouting and squealing. So if you are watching this movie to see Harry Styles, please try not to disturb anyone else there.
Enfields in good shape were hard enough to find at a reasonable price. This movie ain't gonna help
here come all the 1direction bitches
para ser sincera yo no voy a verla en cines s????lo por que este Harry styles mejor espero hasta que se pueda alquilar???????€?
Well, we can say "British Surrender" instead of "French Surrender" this time :)
O que foi isso? O que foi isso ? O que foi isso? ? T???? no Shawn
The only bad thing about this movie is that we all have to wait till July next year to see it.
i will watch this movie just becoz of presence of harry styles
"tom hardy and harry in a movie together?

 y e s"
"MURPH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DONT LET ME LEAVE MURPH


 Damn, i am in the wrong video."
This movie has way to much Style for me.
how is "harry styles"?
I feel like this film is going to be Nolan's masterpiece. The story he's telling, the weight and realism he infuses into his direction: the kind of work that elevates him into greatness. I hope its good.
I was expecting a little more... but it's NOLAN so yea I'll be boots on the ground come opening night ya'feel me..
I hate to be the downer, but I don't see anything special about the film in the trailer. Visuals are drab, subjects in the shot are mundane, photography is like I'm seeing everything through a thin cloud of tire fire smoke, the dialogue is pants, it tries to be emotional but comes off pretentious and it seems derivative of Saving Private Ryan, which itself was derivative of Titanic. But that's just me. I'm not a Nolan fan.
the boss is back ????????
All of these Battlefield 1 movies!
omg harryyyy
My baby Harry!!!!!!!!!
"chrisTOUGHer NOLAN
 ????????????????????????????????????????????????"
The poor fu*kers trapped on a beach with the sea at one side and Germans the other side.
HARRY FUCKING STYLES
A lot of girls will go watch this because Harry Styles is in this
Okay, this is a bit awkward but: Who is Harry Styles? I know Cillian Murphy, Kenneth Branagh, Mark Rylance and of course Tom Hardy, but Harry Styles doesn't ring a bell. :\
I'm here for Nolan hardy n zimmer.. anyone else??
I know a lot of us are fans of Harry but when you see the film please be respectful. This is about someone's work, not just your crush. And this is coming from someone who LOVES Harry. Let's make him proud by being respectful.
Harry ???????????????????????????????? my love
Harry is great yeah but can yall stop with the embarrassing fangirling? Get a grip.
chris nolan = the best
World war + Nolan = porn to me
Amo este tr????iler, la pel????cula se impresionante
most people only want to watch the movie for that 2 minute Harry Styles is in it and that's annoying
I swear I didnt notice Harry Styles until I had started reading the comments.
Nolan is director , say no more take my money
Looks great
La ????nica raz????n por la que ver???? esta mieda, es Harry Styles.
I am a simple man. When i see a Christopher Nolan movie trailer , i will watch it at the first show in theater.
I dont hold any grudge against HArry fxxkin Styles but why the fxxk is he all over the trailer when i can only see MR HARDY for like 2 fxxkin secs and Murphy for a lil bit more ???? Not FXXKIN COOL NOT FXXKIN COOOL AT ALL
I forgot Cillian Murphy was in this. Another member of the Nolan Alumni. Brilliant, underrated actor. Well this film had me at "Nolan".
Harry styles was in the most popular boyband for 4+ years. Of fucking course his their fans will be more eager to see a film with him in, because it's his first time in a fucking movie. It's not hard to understand. If you don't want to be around supporters of one actor then fuck off back home from the cinema and watch it illegally.
Ooooh, so you think the beach is your ally.. But you merely adopted the beach. I was born in it. Molded by it. I never saw a plane till I was already a man and by that time it was nothing to me but blinding. Sands betray you, coz they belong to me!
"Where is the last french troops ? Those who sacrificed themselves with some English remained behind with the brillant general Fagalde ?

 I hope they have not been forgotten, The whole operation was based on this. (I hope see the netherlands boats to) ^^"
hmm looks okay
Who cares about some kid from a band that is hardly relevant anymore
YAY I Can't Wait To See Harry Acting?????????????€?????????????????€?
The cinematography and color -grading looks somewhat odd for a war movie. Don't get me wrong, every director has his weaknesses, and I don't think Nolan has the flair to direct good battle scenes and fast-paced action.
Looks like another Cristohper Nolan's masterpiece.
It looks great but I hope French troops are also featured in this movie.
I'M HERE FOR NOLAN.
I screamed and almost fainted when I saw Harry Styles drowning!!! I will try not to cry..
Here for only Styles. Can't wait
I am not a fan of Harry but I do hope he does well here. I remember thinking what were they thinking casting Cara Delevingne in Suicide squad, well she turned out just fine.
I'm guessing 1:54 is Harry's death scene
this movie is gonna be amazing. also. harry is in it which makes it like a million times better
synapsis getting goosebumps
"i hope this won't be another partial anglo-american point of view on what happened in dunkirk and the outskirts, they won't probably show the french army saving the BEF, thus rewriting history again, i fear that the french will just be mentionned as a minor factor leading to the success of this evacuation, 60 000 frenchmen died in those 2 crucial weeks, fighting desperatly knowing that the outcome would eveantualy lead to their death or capture, will they finally get a bit of recognition for their sacrifice?

 And to be honest what saddens me the most, is that most of the comments are focusing on Harry Styles and not the actual historical events described in this movie, tells you alot about the present generations and the future ones"
Honestly this is a good way to get Girls to be interested in history even if it is just for a single movie.
Who else is just excited Nolan bros back at it again???
I'M HERE FOR HARRY, OMG, HE'S SO PERFECTTTTTT
I don't care about Harry Styles or Christopher Nolan- I just love the history of WWII.
well i'm here for cillian murphy
That background score just awesome!! Goosebumps!!
Imagine being able to see the safety of your home across the channel whilst you get surrounded by the enemy.
This needs to be rated R
Stop fucking talking about Harry Styles and enjoy the trailer. Thank you.
I dont know I think Hacksaw ridge is the best war movie from recent time
THIS LOOKS AN AMAZING FILM!!!!!!!!!
No, si harry marica! harry!!
Harry's "mum" should have swallowed
im so happy that i got an opportunity to play in this awesome movie
My god another masterpiece
I hope this film won't be just about the British, they were not alone in Dunkirk
No one is complaining about people watching the film because it's a Nolan film but everyone is getting pissed of when people talk about Harry smh.
Why are people blaming directioners if we go and watch the movie?, is it wrong to supporting ur fav/idols. No, we have choice and so do u, and even if u hear squealing girls around u... GET OVER IT!
the start of the trailer, the tic tock from intetsterllar. cant wait for this film
It looks amazing
0.48 BUSTING THE FATTEST NUT
Nolan fanboys are ten times worse than Harry fangirls. Stones and glass houses etc.
NOLAN is Back!!!
James D'Arcy -
Since people are making a fuss about that boy band guy, all I can think of is the sentence, "One Direction is going one direction, and that direction is towards my Vagina!"
First announcement teaser, now full trailer, and I still has no god damn clue on who the fuck Harry is.
1:49 CRASHING THIS PLANE
Probably an amazing movie no doubt... but that trailer was awful
"this looks incredible! Nolan is a fantastic director and the cast is phenomenal!

 my only issue is Harry Styles...if I'm in that cinema and teenage girls are giggling, I will turn around and tell them to shut up."
I'm a simple girl i see tom hardy and i click.
Holy shit my bae harry styles ????????????????????????
Nah
FINALLY a non-American WW2 movie...
IF HARRY DIES IMMA FIND CHRIS NOLAN AND KILL HIM
Why is everybody getting shit for saying they're here to see Harry?? I love Christopher Nolan's movies, they're works of art, but yeah I wanted to see Harry more than anything. I wanted to see his acting and get a glimpse at his role. Who gives a damn, honestly. I'm not going to sugarcoat the fact that a man with very little acting experience made it into a huge movie production and I'm excited to see him. If one of your favorite celebrities that isn't known for acting made it into a movie, you'd want to see it too. I'd probably see this movie even if Harry wasn't in it but I wouldn't be looking into it this early, that's the only difference. Anyways, this movie looks intense, I'm excited.
Saving Private Ryan's influence is absolutely clear :)
Storm is coming..Nolan is a legend..what a beauty.hatts off...
"And the Oscar Goes To _______!!"
I think this trailer oversimplifies what the best movie of 2017 is gonna be.
A movie about a fucking COWARD. lmao.
I am here just for nolan
Tom Hardy as a fighter pilot?? Sold!
Don't know about this acting.
I was hoping a different movie from its first teaser but its yet another movie on war propaganda ....but sure !! Will wait for his next.
OMG HARRY HARRY HARRY???????????????????????? HE LOOKS SO HOT. LOUIS IS SO LUCKY
Nolan has made another masterpiece omg i can't wait to see it
"The event that shaped our world"? Really? Oh, what a cheap pathos... :-\
Here for NOLAN. Cinematography in trailer is gorgeous! Hans zimmer's score - the feels! How is harry styles in this movie is beyond me!
Am I the only one who even though is a 1D fan, wants to watch for the history aspect and the fact it's Christopher Nolan ?????€??????????€? I couldn't care less if Harry was in this or not, I'm watching for the movie not for him TBH.
Nolan has made another masterpiece omg i can't wait to see it
DA DIRECTIONER QUALE SONO, IO PROPONGO DI DARE UN OSCAR AD HARRY.
GOING TO GO PLAY BF1
I'm going to see the movie just for Harry ???????€????????€?
Am I the only one excited for this movie because it looks good and not just for Harry Styles?
Christopher nolan has the potential to be the greatest ever Filmmaker.
Who needs Harry when you have Tom Fucking Hardy!!!!
I sense an oscar win for Christopher Nolan's directing, best picture, and Tom Hardys supportive acting.
Christopher Nolan, that's enough reason fr me to watch this movie .
are we repeating the same shit with Styles like we did with Ledger as the Joker??
n????o mate o Harry afogado !
This looks so incredibly well done.
I'm not gonna lie, this movie looks so good I am so excited to see this movie
Yes!
Yeah, because the most appropriate thing to do in a theatre playing a survival movie about thousands of soldiers' life in endangerment is to scream "Oh My Goowd Harry Styles looks sooo awesomeee?????????????????????????????????????€????????€???????????????????????????????????". Please, watch the movie only if you care at least a bit about the lives of the soldiers and not for the sake of watching your favorite boy band singer in it. I wish Harry gets killed brutally in the hands of Tom Hardy.
For now, solid meeh.
I am so exited, thank you Nolan!!!
I'm tired of all of these fucking WWII films. So goddamn generic.
i bet girls who dont fancy to watch this kind of genre will rush themselves to the theaters and scream for Harry and which i wont go to the theaters but still going to watch it.
"Warner Bros. Pictures Got a idea for a theatrical 2D animated film that you and Cartoon Network should do together for both of your fans out there.

 Since you guys made The PowerPuff Girls Movie back in the early 2000's, you guys should make a Codename Kids Next Door prequel film, akin to The PowerPuff Girls Movie, but spectacularly more amazing and fun to behold to date and become a total box office hit of a lifetime!

 Nigel Uno got accidently chosen to be a part of the Kids Next Door to be Numbuh 1 because as it turns out that he got accidently chosen for a very good reason because he's the uber-special kid out of all of the other kids around the world to stop an god-like ancient adult evil from millions and millions of years ago and his godly adult titan army from taking over the entire world in one fell swoop and also make all the kids his slaves FOREVER!!!

 The 2D animation needs to be spectacularly incredible, the cast and characters needs to be the loveably exact same people that the fans knows and love so much in the show along with the new ones, the music needs to be unbelievably awesome to listen to like it was composed by the same music people who worked at Marvel Studios and so much more. It'll also not only be an unbelievably unforgettable animated masterpiece in the history of animated films itself and also be the, if not, THE #1 10 out of 10 entertainingly greatest and epic fun prequel to date in the history of prequels yet at the same time, but it'll also be absolutely on par, if not, spectacularly more epic fun than ever before than Marvel's Guardians Of The Galaxy itself in every way possible, period!

 Respond if you like this idea.

 P.S, You should also make a 2D animated remake of 1997's Batman And Robin, but a million times better (and also sexier) than the live-action original itself on SO many levels than any Batman fan could possibly ever imagine and they'll even say that this is the film they want to watch it every single day instead of the original itself for all of the right reasons. And maybe do the 1995's Batman Forever as well while you're at it."
War thunder players would be like : Nolan plez nerf Ju87 2 OP, Spitfire 2 OP, AA OP, Destroyer OP...
???€????€????????????????????€? ???????€????€? ???€?????????????????
This looks so good. ???????? just saying I'm a fan of Harry but if all of you just go to see him and scream in the theaters I will be mad.
2017 hurry the fuck up
Mind blown
oh Hans zimmer's score?????€??€?
Just now watched dunkirk trailer right back after watching fast and furious 8 trailer. All I can say is that we're lucky to have Mr.Nolan in this generation to save the hollywood.
Cheesey war porny shit.
Harry is so beautiful ????????
I came to see if this movie sticks to true events during a dark time in history.
"Okey... I just saw so much hate between some of you here just because some people are going to watch the movie because a person that they love acts on it...
 You can watch it because you fucking love Christopher Nolan or Tom or Harry or just because you fucking like all of them!!! Also, the fact that you are a fan doesn't mean you have to act like a fucking asshole... (Sorry for my english...)
 The trailer looks good so I will watch the film, period."
harryyy <3 <3 <3
Aaand The Legend is Back !
waited so long for this one :D
I think Nolan chose to cast Harry Styles because, if he does die, it will really drive home the point about the wasted potential of human life in war, especially for the young teenage girls. I think it saddens anybody to a greater degree to see the death of a beautiful young person.
S????lo vine por harry. :v
awesome
(yes i did watch bc harry but i'm also interested in the actual movie) it looks pretty intense hehe
why tom Hardy always on the bad side?
OMG HARRY
"Dear Warner Bros. Pictures,
 Why did you have to ruin the experience for me with this pre added black lines, and unnatural 16:9 ratio?
 Sincerely,
 A 21:9 monitor user..."
1:28 onwards is the best thing I've ever seen in a trailer! The soundtrack and all the scenes are brilliant together
This doesn't move me at all....
Looks boring.... I would rather re-watch "Stalingrad", "Where Eagles Dare" and "The Heroes of Telemark"....
I hope I enjoy this film without teenage girls yelling for Harry styles every second.
I'm excited to see this but I hope the theater isn't full of screaming girls only there for Harry. That would be rather unfortunate for a movie about this event.
I hope this is so brutal it gives me nightmares.
"Todos esas vistas son por HARRY STYLES
 y dec????an que por el descanso las directioners ya no estar????an para apoyarlos.
 BOOM pues aqu???? seguimos pelotudos ?????€???????????"
1:48 bane with 20th century bane mask?
Music by Hans Zimmer so I have to watch it.
Song starting at 1:30?
Eerie score :-)
Harry
All I can say now is. styles's fan girl base vs style's haters. cmon you all. nolan made this film because he is the producer. can we just apperciates what he has done instead of just one actor.
I cried
it's a must watch
"Sure this'll be a quality film but most likely nothing special. The style, tone and drama seem very ordinary.
 I'm dissapointed that there isn't big budget films about the First World War coming out in near future. C'mon. It was the Great War for the British. It's been 100 years. One should come out every year between 2014 and 2018. There is The Water Diviner made by Australians but it wasn't that big budget and style was a lot more calm."
The cast doesn't look very diverse - where are the womyn soldiers and soldiers of colour?
"NO MAMES TENGO QUE ESPERAR HASTA EL 27 DE JULIO >:'V
 VALE VERGA LA VIDA"
I live in this city !!!
yeah tom hardy
#harrystyles ?????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?
i'm directioner and i love harry but pls can you stop talking about him? can we talk about the movie?
But, who is the lad standing in the thumbnail?
I've been waiting for Dunkirk for so long, if I go to the theater and saw some 15 year olds screaming for Harry styles I will literally piss on the screen!!
even if harry wasn't in this, the movie still would've been good soooo
tom hardy and cillian murphy on nolan movies again but i love it!
Here for Harry, and the history of Dunkirk but mostly for Harry. :D
"Mi amor ?????€????
 HARRY ?????€???"
I'm here for Christopher Nolan...
That Background score clearly steals the heart.!
Considering how colourful and crisp those shots look,looks like everything was shot on IMAX!
who the fuck is harry styles why is everybody angry about him
Why are little girls so obsessed with this dude? I'm genuinely curious what the psychology behind it is.
nolan's actors choices are unique
"Harry nem tem fala 444444444
 ai deols srr"
LA PUTA MADRE NECESITO VER YA LA PEL????CULA HARRY SE VE TAN TOPS OMGGG
"Chris Nolan knows that only a WW2 film can get the jews of hollywood to finally give him an oscar!
 The film looks great, obviously."
Does harry even have any lines in this movie
Estoy ac???? por Harry, ????l se ve asombroso como siempre. Ya quiero ver la pel????cula seraqun ????xito.
HARRY STYLES ????????
Harry is so cute????????
Another war movie was the least expected from Nolan. Gosh! What is so cinematic about a war anyway? I guess every generation needs a war movie to 'inspire' awe in the military. Science fiction, fantasy maybe even some superhero story lines, I did expect from Nolan after Interstellar. But that's just me. Gosh! I wish this movie will be a gigantic suck. Not for lack of Nolan's cinematic brilliance but for the selection of the theme. I mean if anyone wanted a good war story, watching Saving Private Ryan again will give them enough worth for their time.
Christopher Nolan strikes again he is such an incredible Director and Killian great actor I'm looking forward to seeing Dunkirk !! that trailer had me wanting more ! also looking forward to seeing Harry styles acting debut since every fan of his etc has been going on about it lol
HAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRY
hey why dont you people stfu about us being excited about harry we're allowed to be excited it's his first movie and we are proud of him its simple as that ?????€??€?
me encanta????????????????????????
Please, just talk a little bit about the fact that French troopers were holding the line against Germans troops for this evacuation to happen. I don't ask you to reverse fully on the "French are cowards" sterotype, just do us a little bit of honor too.
LMAO. I can only imagine Christopher Nolan's thoughts after going through this comment section.
"Nada de Tom Hardy, es HARRY STYLES SE???€?ORES ????????????????????????
 me valen sus comentarios negativos hacia harreh"
Relax Haha Is Harry Style?Hahahaha
soundtrack: 100000/10
No mention of Cillian Murphy, a criminally underrated actor and a far more attractive than Harry cancerous Styles on the comments?
"Bitches came for Harry
 Men came for Hardy (no gay pun intended fuck u!)"
Everyone acting like harry walked up to Nolan and said I'm harry styles I'm going to be in your movie. Nope harry had to try out like the others did it wasn't given to him and Nolan rode his ass the whole time during filming to get everything right he didn't care who he was so he deserves respect like tom does etc he had to audition and make it ! Nolan I don't think gives a shit that he's in a boy band or if he's gay or straight etc he cares about makeing the best movies and haveing the best cast bottom line so I'm super pumped for this movie bc it looks amazing
Is that scarecrow and Bane I see?
"Dunkirk - Trailer 1 [HD]
 Warner Bros. Pictures
 Warner Bros. Pictures"
What's the next step of his masterplan?
Mark Rylance is in this movie?
Yes lets make another remake about the English getting their asses kicked by the Germans. I do enjoy WW2 movies but not remakes. I would rather watch the original 1958 film.
The war movie to end all war movies?
Seems like every other big war movie. Nothing special
its a nolan's movie...obviously i will going to be awesome..!
Ok, Harry is in the movie. Ok, I love him so much. Ok I fangirled on this. But I want to see the movie not just bc of Harry but because the movies seems sooo good
its good to see that ratio of stupid people is such low, I mean only 236 stupid people so far :D
I'm here for the history. The movie theatre better not be packed with overly hormonal girls yelling when Harry comes on. Shut the fuck up about it.
the ost is freaking epic
I refuse to watch another movie about WWII, until they do one depicting when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor!
EXCITED
i came here for harry
IM FUXKING SHOOK
I, myself, am a huge fan of both Harry Styles and Christopher Nolan. I would have most definitely seen the movie even without Harry in it. But even if some people are going just to support Harry, you shouldn't downplay their excitement. People watch movies for different reasons, and those reasons should, in no way, affect you. If you see a comment you don't like and isn't actually harming anyone, move on. It isn't hard to not be rude.
FUCKKK
So derma????en Vorfreude auf diesen Film <3
FINALLY NOT SOME EXAGGERATED OO RAA 'MERICA PROGANDA BULL SHIT REAL WAR REAL LIFE REAL COUNTRY RULE BRITTANNIA THE GREATEST NATION ON EARTH ?????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€??? FOREVER AND ALWAYS
here for Tom hardy
It'd be good if these lil horny 13yo girls scream in the theater in a serious scene coz of this harry dude..that'd really make me punch the shit outta them
Fuck Harry...are we not gonna talk about Cillian Murphy and Hans Zimmer?
So where is it happening?
Oscar for best picture of the year goes to...
HARRY FREAKING STYLES PEOPLE!!!!
"once again France is forgotten.
 Who held the Dunkirk beaches whike the english were leaving? The french infantry.
 And they are not in the trailer.

 So you make a movie happening in France, when in history the heroes were the French...And you do not include them in the movie?
 American productions are a desesperate case. Go to hell."
Christopher Nolan is that director where you will buy a ticket and watch the movie without pirating ;)
"jumps in the water
 I have to save Harry"
Nice background music..
instant boner
Fuck harry, appreciate the direction of God himself gals.
Okay but please stop talking about harry fuking styles!! let's just focus on the movie. Damn it
Christoper Nolan? of course I will Watching...
I'm here for the movie, i just want to watch it. That's all
I'm here for Murphy ,hardy,branagh, and Chris Nolan. Styles I don't mind but his fans can go fuck off tho
This looks way too simple for Nolan.
who else is here bc it's Harry styles in this movie?
Lets see how evil and inhumane the Germans will be in this movie. Can't wait!
Yaaas I'm so excited !!!! Harry looks fine as hell ?????€???
lol now Nolan is doing WWII movies? He must be thirsty for that Oscar.
Hans Zimmer never fails man
Imagine the Climax....
Is Kenneth Branagh playing Adm Sir William Tennant? Great trailer all the same. And that score!
One of the many things I love about Nolan films is the fact that his trailers never really reveal anything about the plot, but they make you beg to see more. (and the Hans Zimmer Soundtrack is breathtaking)
simply amazing
Tom Hardy > Harry Styles
"epic movie about WW2, with one if the greatest directors in history, and a possibly great actor (I mean, if Nolan picked him), but dumb fangirls whose intelligence doesn't go beyond lip gloss and make up are ""here for styles""
 not for this amazing piece of history, or to commemorate the war, or even for the soundtrack...hell, not even for Harry's acting, but because he ""looks cute""
 if this movie had a female lead, I wouldn't just focus on how hot she is..
 I fear for the world, it's getting more ignorant by the day. Now idiots who aren't smart enough to understand this movie or appreciate it will go to see and whine that it's boring or hard to understand (as people do after seeing Nolan's work)"
Nolan is "adjective"
So does this mean we'll get our first rated R Nolan film since Insomnia???
???????????€????????????€????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????????????? ...
"ahhhhh!!!!
 I lovedd?????€????????€???"
is that Tom Hardy at 1:48 ?
Nolan genuinely has a shot at the Oscars next year with this one for Best Director, and the movie itself for Best Picture. Unlike The Dark Knight, this won't be snubbed because it's a World War II centric Movie, a genre the Academy does not have a problem awarding.
This trailer is not so good as compared to Nolan's previous movie trailers.
brilliant
who else was about to cry when they saw harry drowning ????????€?????????€?
I wonder what movie is gonna win at the box office next year: Dunkirk or Guardians of the Galaxy vol.2...
harry ??????????????
rgmkpmfamfamdma <3 harret xdd <3
Michael bay's pearl harbor > nolan's dunkirk
ODDIO MIO
In Nolan I Trust.
Boss is back
I know people, fucking 12 years old fangirls of Harry are annoying as fuck, but please don't talk shit about Harry because you don't know him, I'm sure he will do a pretty good job
More than half of Americans dont even know what Dunkirk is about.
The music started and it had Hans Zimmer written all over it! Can't wait for yet another masterpiece.
No token non-white people? What is this blatant racism?
BITCH YOU LEFT ME SHOOK
Now this is the real Suicide Squad!
Omg ??????
why are you so mad at girls wanting to see it because harry is in it? not all of us are inmature. I didn't know supporting someone was a "cancer". there's several crazy hoes out there but you shouldn't generalize so broadly.
Here for Two names...NOLAN n' TOM HARDY
Music in the beginning: 1 blast for friend, two blasts for foe, 3 blasts...mothafuckin' white walkers.
"You know, this looks really cool.

 But once, just once, I would love if a big studio had the guts and audacity to...hush, you know, don't tell anybody...make a movie about the other side, a movie where the Germans aren't portrayed as faceless, heartless murder machines, hidden behind gasmasks, black uniforms and tanks.
 People exactly like every single of those Brits on the beaches of Dunkirk, just born a few dozen kilometers further east.
 But I guess that no director would get funding for a film portraying the devil as human."
Como cuando usas a Harry como Promo ?????€??€?
Cillian Murphy is prettier than Harry Styles anyway
such a pity that a lot of People are here for that guy of one direction instead of being here for the New CN movie
You just know this movie is going to be epic simply because Christopher Nolan is directing it.
amazing bgm ..
Does Stan Lee have a cameo in this one?
definitely watching this.
I'm going to watch this bc of Harry only, but if I go to the cinema and its full of 14 year old teenagers (like me) screaming I'm going to kill them
"I am waiting

 Nolan & zimmer again"
This is not a Christopher Nolan film! Where's Michael Caine?
IM SHOOK
that thing gaved me chills. .....I mean literally !!!
I feel like I need to know some important back story to understand this film especially its starting. Because I didn't understand anything that was happening, who are being killed? Who is killing them with the planes?
I believe that one day my comment will come on top and I will show it to my teacher who thinks that I can't achieve anything important in my life.
"Warner Bros: ""We were in this together, and then you were gone. Now this evil DCU rises. The Nolan has to come back.""
 Nolan: ""What if he doesn't exist any more?""
 Warner Bros: ""He must... He must..."""
Only reason I'm watching this movie is because of Hans Zimmer. Fuck the director, fuck the script, fuck the characters. Give me the score and I'm happy.
LOOK AT MY BEAUTIFUL CHILD HAROLD
Why the fuck does BF109 has Jericho-Trompete.
I like Cillian Murphy, lets see if he will do it good.
0:10 did I just see Gand?? XD XD
"Reason for teens to see this movie: ""OMFG HARRY STYLES THE BAE ASDFGHJKL!!!!!""
 Reasons I might see it: Christopher Nolan directed this? Oh, hell yes!"
are you all gone stop with Harry Style!!!!!!! Dame! " Ho he is so cute!" "I hope he is not gone die or I will cry". This is Dunkerque for god sake!!! not a teenage movie!!! Shame on you if you are only going to see this amazing movie to scream every time Harry shows his face!!!
How many of you are here for Tom Hardy..!!!!
Confesso que parte de mim s???? veio aqui para ver o Harry, mas o trailer est???? muito bom !!! ??????
I think people fail too understand why we call it the miracle of Dunkirk. Our troops were surrounded with no way out. There were not enough military boats to get the hundreds of thousands of troops out of France. But when the British public heard about the desperate situation they rounded up all the civilian boats they could find even small pedal boats and crossed the English channel too save there army. The civilians volunteered to do this, they were not forced. And because of this thousands of troops managed too escape the German army. This is why it was a miracle, the gathering of normal people to save there desperate troops on the other side of a sea. The miracle of dunk irk was the bravery of those people
HARRY. I am so happy and so excited for this movie.
Im so seeing this.
Nolan & Zimmer (dot) ????????
Yawn, looks like shit.
Surprised the EU is not trying to ban this film for stirring up those evil nationalist feelings that lead to illegal hate speech.
0:11 "we surround you" is that correct. Grammar Nazi....anyone.
A Nolan and Zimmer combo can never go wrong!!!
Harry*-*
I hope this Harry styles guy dies in the movie so all of the teenage girls will riot in my town, allowing me to loot my local Best Buy.
God bless Great Britain.
Harry aparecio en 3 tomas lo ame chau
fuck harry
HARRY
OMGGGGGGGG
WHERE ARE MY DIRECTIONERS AT?? ????????????????
this going to be amazing
mierda harry siii <3 el es hermoso ...
For the rest of my life I will stand in line on opening day of every Christopher Nolan film.
can we just be grateful about this film instead of Harry
"It looks like the best trailer ever!
 I can't wait????????????????"
I can't imagine the teenage shrieking that'll happen in the theater once Harry Styles' character dies.... RIP my eardrums
My grandad who had friends that participated in this event. He told me that his friends said 'the sea was red with blood'. Respect to all those that lost their lives.
shitty movie
this guy knows how to make movies, goddamn!!
they always forget to mention that hitler told the panzers to halt and tried to negotiate with Churchill while they started evacuating at dunkirk
"Wait? Where are the americans here saving europe?
 Oh right, still enjoying their country out of war and economy growing thanks to no bombing.
 They will come eventually, when the luftwaffe will be exhausted from british RAF and 3/4 of ground forces used in russian front.
 Only real struggling they did is in the pacific battle which i give props."
Harry te amoooo i love you ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????€??????????????????????????€????????€????????€????????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?
Hoping that it's Hans Zimmer..
Harry dies in first 10 minutes I'm told.
Cillian is gonna be so good in this I can feel it
AAAAAAAAAAH o HARRY
DUNKIRK TRAILER RELEASED HARRY IS IN SOME THREE TO FOUR SCENES FOR JUST A FEW SECONDS IN THE VIDEO BUT I SWEAR I FREAKED OUT WHEN I SAW HIM HE IS ACTING SO FREAKING GOOD IN IT OMGOMGOMG!
I'm only here bc harry wbu
Se ve interesante la pel????cula, gran director me fascinan sus peliculas , espero lo mejor de esta
This is fucking bullshit. The Germans allowed the brittish and french soldiers to survive. They were letting them go home but ofc we have to know how evil the germans were...
1D Stans are going to bring this movie hella money lmao
I can already see the Oscar nomination.
all these fangirls in the comment section are so cringe worthy
waiting for Hans Zimmer's soundtrack
Do not dare forgot the frenchs and belgians.
Proof that if America didn't joined world war 2, Europe would've been lost.
No Bale?
I am a big fan of one direction, but I am also extremely interested in the wars that happen in our world. I can't wait to go and see this and really experience what it was like. But what I really don't want to see in the movies is full of screaming girls. It was bad enough TRYING to watch the 1d movie in cinemas without girls screaming. Because I am sure that older people will want to see it and we should set a good example to them. Go watch it if you're actually interested in the movie and Christopher Nolan's work, not just because Harry's in it.
"WHO THE FUCK RELEASES A TRAILER THIS GOOD SEVEN MONTHS BEFORE IT OPENS UP IN THEATERS!

 I honestly cannot wait that long. Fuck you Hollywood."
i swear if Harry dies Imma lose all my shit
Looks nice but, did I watch the whole movie?
All I needed to see in this trailer was "Directed by Christopher Nolan" and I'm all in
This film feels like a war movie out of the 60s, with a flare of Saving Private Ryan, on a much larger scale.
Nolan and Hoyte van Hoytema the director of photography stayed at a hotel I worked at during some of the shooting for the film. Hoyte went through a bottle of wine every night for a whole week. Wonder why
that drowning scene OMG , protect my son
Oh my God it looks amazing
SOMEBODY HOLD ME
Looks good but the trailer spoils too much.
so proud of my baby
this trailer is amazinggg but damn I keep hyperventilating every time I see harry on the screen HE'S AN ACTOR NOW IM SO PROUD
I'd like to clear up some things. Am I a fan of Harry? Yes, but I'm not twelve. Am I here this early to the trailer because of Harry? Yes, otherwise I probably wouldn't have watched the trailer as soon as it came out. But I would have, maybe months later. Am I only going to see the movie because of Harry? No, I'm a fan of Christopher Nolan and I'm interested in history, Harry is just a bonus. Am I going to praise Harry? Yes, because I'm proud. Don't judge people's intelligence or their maturity level based on what they like. If you do that, it just shows your own intelligence and maturity. And don't bash Harry, because if he wasn't good at acting, Nolan would not have made him a character in his movie and so many actors who worked with Harry said that he's good. So, give him a chance. Yeah, we are excited, but we are not going to ruin the movie. You know what we are going to do? We are going to promote the hell out of this movie. We are going to trend it and we are going to get the word out. So, back off, please, stop spreading hate, it's getting a bit annoying.
"This looks incredibly good.

 Like, Oscar material."
harry is the best part of the film
Interstellar is still the greatest movie of all time
The legend 27?
I absolutely love WWII films. I don't think we will ever run out of excellent stories to tell from that era. I recently saw Hacksaw Ridge, and it was great (aside from a couple cheesy moments). I like how this talks about the British prior to US involvement in the war. A lot of stories have been told about U.S. heroics and deeds during WWII (and hundreds more are still to come), but it's great to see what our allies went through during this tumultuous time too. I remember in one book I read where the loss of 9000 Canadians during a failed operation was a footnote - there's definitely a story there too.
"i wanna see this movie!!!!
 i saw harry styles!!!!!
 can not wait for this movie"
God this looks amazing! Nolan is back again!
first from mars
Harry is fucking beautiful.
haRRYYY
I feel like they will bait us to seeing the film because Harry is in it and then kill him off in the first 5 mintues. Cause they know every fan girl including me will go see iy because he's in it.
Spoilers: They all died and Hitler won the war.
i can feel what it would be like to watch this on big screen. Nolan's the best!!
im proud of harry but fuck this movie gonna be great im excitedddd
That time the B.F.G. rescued Scarecrow from the water.
amazing
This movie is gonna get tons of views bc harry styles is in it???????€?
HARRYYY
What is the name of the song that starts at 1:26? Is this something by Hans Zimmer?
There we go, another anti german propaganda crap thats gonna be filled with lies
I get liking a movie because it has a favorite celebrity/actor or what not in it, but if people are really going to see this movie only because of Harry Styles, I'll be disappointed. IMO, it's incredibly disrespectful to all the men who fought, died or survived this critical battle during the Second World War. This is one of the greatest evacuations in the history of warfare, and the beginning of Britains finest hour. Sure, go see it for Harry, but the least you can do is learn about this piece of history and the great sacrifices and risks thousands upon thousands of Allied soldiers and British civilians took.
Another epic from Nolan. Just Nolan things!!!
Epic Movie
I'm hoping harry did a good job acting in this film but it seems like he did take a lot of time to practice and nail his role for the movie
Harry styles looks like a guy who stinks. I'm glad tom hardy is back with Nolan tho.
THATS MY BABY YES
"1:28 the background is awesome
 ????????????????"
very directioner is going to watch this for Harry
Was that Bane taking off his mask?
Dunkirk happend because Frenchies were f*cking cowards.
Only here for harry ?????€?????????
"Okay so I am seeing a lot of hate going on here so I decided to write this. I am here bcoz this is Christopher nolan's film & also bcoz harry styles is in it.
 I know lot of u jerk gonna say oh great another crazy fan. but let me tell u if harry didn't have potential then Nolan wouldn't cast him. he gave audition like everybody else & got selected on his talent. so jerks back the fuck off okay.
 yes I am Directioner & before u stereotype saying I am 12 years old. I m 21 & Proud to be fan of them. Harry worked hard for this film so don't ruin this bcoz u cant see past ur hate for us."
Ah, yeah it's war.
Nolan and his tic-tic watch sound?????€???????????
haRRY STYLES OMEMDKDKKEX, i screamed so loud
The degeneracy in the comments section is disrespectful to the men who fell during this battle.
So that's it huh..? We're at some kind of Dunkirk..?..????????
"Okay so I am seeing a lot of hate going on here so I decided to write this. I am here bcoz this is Christopher nolan's film & also bcoz harry styles is in it.
 I know lot of u jerk gonna say oh great another crazy fan. but let me tell u if harry didn't have potential then Nolan wouldn't cast him. he gave audition like everybody else & got selected on his talent. so jerks back the fuck off okay.
 yes I am Directioner & before u stereotype saying I am 12 years old. I m 21 & Proud to be fan of them. Harry worked hard for this film so don't ruin this bcoz u cant see past ur hate for us."
We all know Nolan won't disappoint us.
The trailer looks 'meh,' so you know the film is going to be fkn amazing.
Christopher Nolan chose Heath Ledger and it was the best thing he could have done. I expect the same with Harry, i know my baby is talented af.
wtf harry styles? he and his dirty teenage bitches pollute nolan's movie!!
where are the cool scenes like Saving Private Ryan? I bet this movie will suck
When I say I'm proud of Harry and that I am excited for his debut in this movie, I do not disregard the history the movie narrates. If your idol of 6 years was venturing into a new territory with the likes of Christopher Nolan, Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy, you'd be excited too. We are not here to tell you to like Harry. We are here to have our moment and be proud. In no way whatsoever are we disregarding the weight of the movie.
Did this guy seriously fucking cast someone from One Direction in this movie?
Well congratulations, you got yourself caught. Now what's the next step of your master plan?!
"I give thanks to the Soviet Union for defeating the Nazi's.

 From:
 An American"
best
Battlefield 1 servers are gonna shoot through the roof during this films release.
I probably wouldn't mind Harry Styles being in this if it weren't for his fucking fans in the comments! When I go see this there better not be a group of girls watching it just for him. If so I hope he has a violent death at the hands of Tom Hardy.
I HATE WAR
Here before 1 million ????????
I'm so going to watch this movie. the trailer is so good. and I'm here not just for Harry Styles. xx
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Well hello Harry Styles. Been missing you. Christopher Nolan - thank you for looking beyond prejudice against females, boyband members, and war film clich????s. You will get my cash.
TOm hardy cool !!!
Tom Hardy covering his mouth again! XD
????????????????????? ???€??????????????????? ???????????????????????????€?-???€????? ???????????????????????????????? ???????????????€?
HARRY OMG????????????????
i hope Germany wins not all time the other ..
Can't wait to see that little fag get his head blown off
#NAME?
Who's here for hazza????????????????????????????????
came for NOLAN
like si vinistes solo por ver a Harry Styles ????????
1:48 "CRASHING THIS PLANE"
Where's human shrek... I mean harry ?
spectacular! please release in Tamil version, this kind of movie South Indian will really enjoy.
Aneurin Barnard!
Track pls! 1:28
I'm sorry for those people who came only for "Harry". You don't know a thing about NOLAN do you?
Jesus Christ who the actual fuck is Harry Styles? These comments make me wish his character is taken by Nazis in the end. Seriously, shut the fuck up. It's a Nolan movie.
I'm so tired of seeing Nazi movies how about you make movies about the atrocities that have occurred since or before then and are occurring to this day
CILLIAN MURPHY!!!!!
Please. For anyone on here who's sole purpose is to just comment saying "omg I'm so excited for Harry"... I don't blame you, this is a big debut for a former singer just as himself to star in a "Nolan" film, but please also do some research of the "Dunkirk operation" after the trailer if you are still possibly unaware of what this film is about, or why Harry wanted to join this project of Nolan's. Dunkirk is not just a "Nolan film", Dunkirk is about the potential suicidal operation that turned into a miracle that greatly affected the world we internet users/trolls live in today.
why the fuck people keep shouting harry.....there's no daniel radcliffe here smh
No BWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMP????
The movie look awesome!
I'm here for fucking Thomas Shelby
"Do all of you stupid hateful fucks even realize that those ''stupid fangirls'' are going to make this film even bigger than it would have been without Harry Styles? You all are fucking welcome.

 And get your heads out of your asses and let people get excited ffs, we care even less about your opinions than you care for harry styles."
HIT LIKE IF YOU'RE NOT HERE BECAUSE OF HARRY AND YOU ACTUALLY ARE INTERESTED IN THE MOVIE AND CHRISTOPHER NOLAN'S WORK ?????€????????????????€????????????????€???????????????????
I DIED WHEN I HEARD HARRYS VOICE ???????€????????€????????€?
Oh. My. God. :00
me mor????
most anticipated
Se ve increible. Nolan siempre cumple. Y aparece Harry: No te ahoges mi vida, el salva vidas ya viene....
Awesome
OMG IF YOU KILLED OFF HARRY STYLES I WILL KIL YOU
When Nolan picks pretty male actors, they prove to be very good (also pretty female actors). We need to give Harry a chance.
???€????€????€????€????€?! ???€??????? ?? ????????!
Harry drowning jesus I wasn't prepared for this
epic trailer
hit like if you dont know harry
I'm very conflicted on what year this is based in. The uniforms are WW1 British but those planes are WW2.
Harry comes on screen me:*Pauses and squeals* LOOK AT MY BEAUTIFUL TINY SON. I LOVE HIM. I LOVE MY PRETTY TALENTED SON.
This looks to be a good movie. Also not all fan girls is 12 and isn't just seeing the movie bc of harry. It's part of history and I think it will be amazing however I do trust nolans judgement on the cast and I mean every cast member
Harry ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Can someone tell what the guy at 0:23 is saying? I don't get a word
did I just see scarecrow and bane?
ALL ABOARD THE HYPE TRAIN....CHO CHO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Harrrrry ?????€??€??????€??€?
Please respect the fact that you have seasoned actors like Rylance, Branagh, Hardy and Murphy in the movie and stop fucking talking or hating on Styles. This is a Nolan movie for fuck sakes, don't make it about some other guy. Discussing on this matter is just making it worse.
Harry <3 perfect!
Fuck Harry, I'm here because of Christopher Nolan.
Omg can't wait for Christopher Nolan's movie...
I'M SCREAMING
So, its gonna have the same tone as all of his other movies? Im gonna pass
I am here for Nolan,Tom Hardy,Cillain Murphy and Hans Zimmer.
so beautiful?????€????????€??€??????????????€????????€??€??????€????????€??€??????€????????€??€??????€????????€??€??????€????????€????????€??€??????€????????€???
Proud of my baby harry
Looks like a fascinating movie.
Please god get rid of the Stuka siren on every single plane. It's unnecessary and detracts from the whole thing. Only the Stuka with its airbrakes out should have the siren.
Ouuuh I can spot the husband here
I SWEAR TO GOD IF HE DIES IN THE MOVIE I WILL CRY BUCKETS!!
WOW
"3 reasons I am super excited for this movie.
 1. Christopher Nolan
 2. Harry Styles ??????????????????
 3. Tom Hardy."
It looks generic
I'm here for my baby Harry!! Woohooo!!!!!
I Was here for Harry Styles
Where can I buy a hazmat suit? I don't want to get infected by One Direction fans who will only go to this film for Harry Styles.
meh.. i dunno
"""From Christopher Nolan""



 take my money"
Are we going to pretend, this trailer wasn't bad, because of Nolan? Just asking:D
im gonna watch this movie just for the sole fact that Christopher Nolan is a beast
Meh.. disappointed.. just download and I'll watch it on Fast forward..
So everyone is talking about Harry here. But did anyone notice Tom Hardy?? Is he playing an antagonist role again??
0:37 nice acting...
Tom hardy and Cillian Murphy back at it again. Must watch just for those two savage beasts! (peaky fookin blinders ayy)
This movie looks epic..And i cant wait to see how Harry Styles is doing????????€?
I Just love the fact that no one has ever incorporated Serbia in WWI or WWII movies, its not like we are the country that lost more human lives in WWI than England and France combined, or had the first SOLDIER to make an anti aircraft hit, or the only country NATO ever assaulted(except some African states - cheers, its liberty folks), or the fact that we saved aprx. 500 US Marines in WWII (WHOO RAA, the chetniks did that btw), nor are we the country that birthed Nikola Tesla the guy that made everything. HEEEEY yeees also, just popped up in my head, the Brits bombbed us (capital of Serbia, Belgrade City) in 1944, bringing more victims of civilians than the German bombbing, lovely jobly, init!??! They were so kind the dear CHAPS they even wrote us happy easter messages in our own language (?????? ???€????€????????? ?????????????? ????) HOW SWEET :) ! Oh yeah, they bombbed us on Easter, few, good it wasnt Hannuka. In traslation let me preach just a lil bit more dear foreigners, they destroyed the hell out of our city, for example our National Librari, good thing Serbia isnt a 1500 year old idea, love, state, monarchy, empire...noooo none of that, niothing valuable to burn there...FIRE AWAY CHAPS!!!
It's crazy how little people actually speak about the battle at Dunkirk, in WWII, especially in AP European History. I think this was honestly one of the most crucial battles in that war.
Not a big fan of Christopher Nolan and Harry Styles. But will watch it. (I hope there is none of those harry styles virgin fangirls.)
if your only here because of harry and his big ego rather than Christopher Nolan flim and brilliant filmmaking. Harry styles fangirls are basically ruining the comment section because of it
I'm here for Nolan.
Where is Michael Caine?
It looks good and I'm eager to watch the movie. However one thing bugs me (and hopefully it's just the trailer) is that everything looks too clean ! Can't help but noticing it. Way too clean especially the uniforms ...
Estoy aqu???? por Harry.
i seriously cant wait to watch this movie. Im so proud of you Harry.
Frankly, I am diappointed...there are so many cool things of WW2 that nolan could have chosen...like stalingrad....but he chose dunkirk?? which was essentially as rescue operation
1:53 Harry Styles drowning, best part of the trailer
y'all are making the fandom look so bad. Nolan makes such great movies so please stop saying that you will only watch this bc of harry, it's good to be proud of him but don't be so extra.
ahhhhw wow wow wow... Christopher nolan is the key <3 harry style on screen thats next big one waiting... <3
Definitely not the best trailer I saw (and not chris???????s best trailer). But if your name is Christopher Nolan, people will come and see it anyway. Expected the film to have a more darker look and feel. This looks like a more realistic approach (grading), what I like btw. Dunkirk is one of Chris????????s most expensive films. In the trailer I don????????t see that many explosions or crashes. Almost sure these shots are not the shots that costs that much money. There is a lot we didn't see. ?? looking forward to see the movie.
And all you British now bow and cower to your Muslim masters how disgraceful
I've got the feeling that this movie's gonna be awesome ????????????????????????
OMG HAROLD ?????????????€?????????
I have no big expectations because of the topic
fuck Harry. I'm here for Tom Hardy
I am sure people gonna watch 25 times to understand about the movie,probably ended up knowing 10 percentage
what the fuck is this bout i still dont know
When your grandfather was killed during this battle. But when you look in the comments all you see is 15 year old girls crying over harry. I have no doubts that he will be a decent actor. But I just feel that the serious tone of this film set by Nolan could be ruined by fan girls.
I didnt fucking know who harry like everyone mentioned above. I CAME HERE BECAUSE OF NOLAN.
the first ticking music reminds me of interstellar....
HOLY shit this movie is gon be amaazinn
Harry bebe!!!!
I'm here for Harry Styles
FUCK YA
Props to Christopher Nolan , for what may be an another masterpiece movie !
Luckily the 12 year old Harry fan girls won't be old enough to watch this in cinemas! I hope.
I watch this movie just because its directed by Nolan
Heartfelt thank you to all the brave men who sacrificed their lives to unknowingly lay the groundwork for the the new European Caliphate. Inshallah
That trailer is so saaaaaaad I'd love to see it
So explain this, y'all are hating on harry's fans because they're annoying? But all I see in these comment sections are people who hates on them and even harry? Well I guess harry's fans aren't that annoying...
Si Harry se ahoga en la pel????cula, yo los voy a ahogar a ustedes con mis l????grimas
i know this will be one of the movies where you sitt afterwards in your chair and you can't believe what happened and you think about the movie a long time.love this movies
Cool. Cool Cool Cool.
Most likely this movie will be Rated R and the Harry Styles fangirls won't be able to go see it without their parents. I think you're safe.
Looks like a very uplifting movie..
Don't get me wrong, I love Harry but I bet his characters dies 10 minutes into the movie. 20 minutes tops
"Why do people hate Harry? Someone give me a genuinely good reason as to why they would use a word so strong as ""hate"" when they describe the emotion they feel when they hear the name ""Harry Styles"".

 Because he's famous? Well I'll have you know Harry hates the word ""famous"" for that very reason, he feels the word gives no substance to a person. People don't say ""Harry Styles is a genuinely nice easy going dude"" which he is, they just see he's ""famous"" then instantly judge him for that.

 Because he's in a ""boy band""? What? You hate him because he's a talented guy who can sing an write songs? Well that's not a very good reason and you're obviously just a very judgemental person. You do realise One Direction have released more songs than just that stupid one 'What Makes You Beautiful', that was six years ago and they have seriously grown and developed as amazing musicians since. Writing songs like 'If I Could Fly', 'Walking in the Wind', 'Fireproof', 'What a Feeling' and 'Don't Forget Where You Belong' just to name a few. Their lousy management still market them as this cheesy prepubescent boy band when they're actually so much more than that, but your judgmental self probably won't look past that to even just contemplate respecting them as serious artists.

 Because his fans are annoying? Maybe so, but shouldn't you say you ""hate Harry Styles' fans"" rather than say you hate him? If you have a problem with his fans fine, take it out on us call us all the names under the sun but don't say you hate Harry just because of his fans. Also I don't know what your problem with his fans are anyway, I won't apologise for supporting one of the nicest dudes on the planet.

 I dare anyone who says they ""hate"" Harry Styles to watch a few videos showing the true Harry. The ones that show he's just a normal 22 year old guy, who shakes everyone's hand when he walks into a room, who climbs like an 9 foot fence just so he could shake the hands of the crew members and thank them for their work, who goes to dominos and spends ????3000 on pizza's and spends the day handing them out to homeless people, who makes a video message for a 4 year old girl who is terminally ill, who even tho you say you ""hate"" him would probably treat you with as much respect and kindness he deserves to be shown to him, but you choose not to because he's ""Harry Styles"""
Harry ! I'm so proud of him ??????
THE MOMENT I SEE HARRY IM FUCKING SCREAMING BITCHES
this looks better than DCEU movies
and the oscar goes too ...
This movie looks absolutely awesome. i just hope it has a Rated R rating. I feel like any War movie should have a Rated R rating also showing lots of blood. But if not, aw well. Movie still gone be dope. don't care who's in it. Christopher Nolan is back again with another one, Hashtag "Another One" you bitches Lmao.
take it
really nobody talking about tom hardy...this looks real good ,i can feel the vibe.xx
looks freaking sweet
BATTLEFIELD1 ON 1080
So that's it huh...we're the patsies...we're at some kind of Dunkirk.
You know what excites me about this? NO AMERICANCENTRIC STORY. I love history war movies (especially WWII) and it is nice to see one that isn't wholly from an American persepctive.
0:48 aaaaaaaaaaaaa harry
1D fangirls are fucking cancer... really, is it necessary to go crazy for a guy who trying to do something else in his life besides being a body pillow for uncontrollable little shits... this is a Christopher Nolan film, it's going to be a masterpiece, not because of Harry, but because of the cast and the music from Hans Zimmer and the emotion between characters... this shit is based off of true events that happened during a nasty war that took years to end, and childish fangirls want to see it because of one guy... smh
Real battlefield 1 : D
"You can practically see it from here
 what?
 Oscar"
Nolan has proved so many times that he knows his shit. Considering the hate Heath Ledger got when people found out he will be portraying "The Joker". We all know how that went. Now, I'm not saying that this Harry guy would be equally good, but if Nolan gave him a chance he would have done it for some rhyme and reason that we wont get unless we see the movie. So lets just wait before going ape shit crazy!
its raining trailers from the past 2 weeks!! and whats up with all these world war 2 movies end of 2016-2017?? Hacksaw ridge, allied, dunkirk, the zoo keepers wife etc
"is this movie going to be nolan's first disappointment?

 im going to see this movie anyway but i'm worried."
What is this? Getting on boats in WW1 the movie? Show me some real beef man.
HARRY
So anyone that comes to this only for Harry are stupid...those that hate on this movie because of Harry are also stupid. Those who want to see this cause they know Christopher Nolan makes masterful films, are the ones that know what's up.
I've heard this story before from Frankieonpc1080p
01:48 No one cared who I was until I put on the mask
"Is Michael Caine in there?
 I see cillian and tom hardy. His movie never feels Complete without them."
Whoa. Is this the prequel to pleaky blinders?!
oh my god.....that drowning scene......
This movie looks good, regardless of who's in it
fums up if your only here for harry hehe no one cares about nolan tbh harry will make this director a big name.
I don't even care Harry styles is in it because I care so little about him idk how he looks like , I didn't even notice him considering I've heard of him from one direction
I love youuuu
Harryy!!!
et bien sur rien sur l'arm????e Fran????aise qui as combattus et sauv????e l'arm????e Anglaise , notamment la premi????re arm????e Fran????aise compos????s de 2 divisions qui as retenus 7 divisions allemande !
I can't wait, this looks amazing; I hope it sticks more to the real story instead of an embellished one.
Everybody pls stfu about harry styles. Stop hating on him. Stop fangirling. Nolan had faith enough in his acting skills to cast him in a leading role. That's reason enough for me to trust in his acting ability. The movie looks amazing. Let's all just appreciate that.
Aggghrh, more Tom Hardy talking through a mask.
When one direction ain't working, go the other way
Nothing makes me prouder than the Dunkirk flotilla. I'm glad this will let people outside of Britain know about such a momentous historical event. If the Dunkirk operation had failed, there is no doubt that Britain would have surrendered with the core of its army lost, and WW2 would have been over. Game over.
Larry is Real
i enjoy war movies.. but i hate the fact that these all happened for real .... and definitely awaited movie
Isn't the world round since a long time ago ? Never knew this event shaped it :/
interesting
HARRY!!!
Harry my lovee????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Proud of Harry Styles
This looks amazing
WHAT HE FUCK HARRY
Harry who? Look, its Professor Gilderoy Lockhart
ya quiero ver a mi hazzaa
la ir???? a ver solo por el jarri jssjs
"If you guys have problem with us(directioner) then please dont waste your precious time on us!Dont try to teach us anything. And one more thing Harry styles is a human too like us,so is it okay that you guys pray for someone's death!How can you even do that?! stop commenting any shitty things.Harry didnt do anything to you. Be a human! And show some respect towards ppl.
 Now dont comment any nasty things here .This is my request to all of you. ?????????"
I'm here for HARRY!!!
I'm pretty sure all the directioners will make a fanfiction about this lol
Perfect Trailer! Not to much about the story but it reists interest!
Harry Styles went another direction literally !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cillian tho
Mark Rylance, Tom Hardy and Cillian! Wow
Harry is so hot omg
"Most movie trailer comment sections:
 ""this trailer looked awesome! I loved the part where.....""

 This movie's trailer section:
 ""OMG HARRRRYYYYY <<<<<<<33333333333""
 ""These people are cancer and should be exterminated""
 ""I HATE YOU SO MUCH HOW DARE YOU TALK ABOUT MY FAVORITE IDOL THAT WAY!!!!!!""
 ""I hope Harry's character dies in the film""

 To everyone else who is actually only here for the movie itself and is commenting on the film trailer rather than a single actor, thank you, and I hope you enjoy the film as much as I'm going to love it!

 ""We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight
 on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and
 growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the
 cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the
 landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we
 shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender...""
 - P.M. Winston Churchill"
Wow it looks amazing
Reading the comments here and it pains me no one notices this movie has Cillian murphy in it. Such an underrated actor.
GIVE ?????€??? HARRY ?????€??? AN ?????€??? OSCAR ?????€??? ALREADY ?????€???
Big mistake letting these lads go, that was a real cockup there Hitler.
DUUUUDE
"anybody know the name of soundtrack used at 1:28 ???
 please reply !!"
Dunkirk- A Battlefield 1 War Story
omg!! Harry i so proud of you. love you my lad !!
Not quite the mind-blowing trailer I would've anticipated. It looks like Nolan is scaling things back for this.
YA WEEEEEY, PINCHE HARRY TE AMOOOO
the fucking airplane's sound scares
one more thing. Liam, zayn, louise and niall must be damn that's harry. they all must be I didn't know harry can be a soldier.
Does anyone happen to know the name of the song at 1:26 in the trailer? Sounds pretty cool! Oh and Nolan fan or not, cant we all agree that he puts together one hell of a movie trailer... I cant wait to see this!
that hans zimmer soundtrack tho
Nolans is a mastermind, cant wait to see his latest movie.
Waited a long time for this trailer
That VSCO filter tho.
I finally saw my babe! ?????????????? (Harry Styles)
"I see two kinds of people in the comments.
 Those who are fans of Harry Styles.
 And those who are fans of Christopher Nolan and insult the fans of Harry Styles.
 They're the same kind of fans."
French will be DLC.
Was that it? The teaser was better and much more interesting. Meh.
In Nolan We Trust ??????
The Nolan brothers always like to fuck with out brains, my guess is after we've seen this movie we will even question if WW2 actually happened.
going to save Harry
looks like Saving Private Ryan's beach scene extended version :p
im not ready
THEY EXPECT ONE OF US IN THE WRECKAGE BROTHER
I definitely know that this movie would be a blockbuster, I've watched many movies of Christopher Nolan and all were just fabulous and jaw dropping...but let's see how Harry Styles would act in this one... Haha
for god sake remv the hairy part in the movie its annoying from scumbag fansgirl
Event that shaped our world? Lol what
HARRYYYYY
might as well give them all an oscar now
Tom Hardy is still my favorite actor.
I see Tom hardy and I watch the movie????????????????
who came here for harry styles??
PLEASE to all young people that will go theatre just to see Harry, i Strongly suggest that you read about the battle of Dunkirk before please, we all would all appreciate little girls in movie theatre screaming for no reason
saving private Ryan like deja vu?
hated the music around 1:40
the beauty of hearing hans zimmer from the get go.
When will humanity ever understand the destruction of war and violence.
Holy fucking shit! Im not the guy to get hyped over movies, but we need more WW2 and WW1 movies like this!
Did I read Christopher Nolan? ????????
this director is insane
hARRY MEN
harry ????????????????
Here before a million views
Holly shit ._.
"0:45
 is that harry styles?? ????????"
lol again with the "ticking clock" music at the start.
There is something legitimately wrong with how people react to teenage girls and their interests. Why are teenage girls constantly vilified, ridiculed, told they're stupid for liking the things they like? As if grown ass men don't act similarly about sports teams. You don't see us all over the internet telling you your interests are invalid and your behavior is embarrassing which it actually is btw. Honestly let us live. You're not going "kill yourself" because a couple of teenage girls arrived at the cinema to see Dunkirk. Get over yourselves.
this is so refreshing lol im tired of superhero movies
"Porkis ka Kashmir Kashmir chilana ..
 Aur is trailer ko dekhne ke baad ladkiyun ka Awwww Harry Harry karna kabhi band nahi hoga bc ???????€????????€????????€????????€?.
 Only Indians will agree with me.
 Anyone out there ??"
All this stupid talk about Harry and here I am excited to see Cillian Murphy
I'm so excited to this trailer because of Nolan and Tom Hardy. I don't give a damn Harry whose music I never ever hear before. Thanks your comments help me knowing that One Direction was a boyband popular to fan girls lol
Cillian Murphy.
It was a significant battle but ffs not the only one. And of course it did not shape the world, i'm sick of this ignorance.
this looks amazing
"Prediction:
 A lot of shooting and combats. Lot of Sad faces. One Hero brings the whole thing to victory. There will be a lot of rain and dark skies, because we all know, there was no sunny day during the WW2. Oh and there will be Classical Music playing in the Background on the streets on some Vinyl Discs. They will talk about their ""Home"" and what they miss. They will say stupid phrases that sound smart. All Men will look awesome and not like actual people who don't have time to shave etc. There will be at least ONE Newby who just does not get it but will eventually grow in his character as a Man. There will be a rough guy who does not like anybody else. And there will be one who is wise like hell."
Did anyone else see Harry Styles? Lol he appeared like three times
I SCREAMED, MY BABY
Who else is here only because of Harold?
It is impossible not to watch a movie with Tom Hardy in it.
I have high expectations from this movie !!
Lol these girls are only gonna go see it cause of Harry and most of them don't even know who the director is
"HARRY !!!!!!!!!!! omg !!!
 I will surely watch your movie no matter what!! May your movie be the most successful!!"
"It's gonna be a masterpiece...
 Stop, are there any films of Nolan that are not masterpieces?"
Any Tom Hardy fans
This movie will be Interesting, the performances shown on the trailer were good, my favorites Kenneth and Mark, even if it's boring it has a great cast.
When your great grandfather was on the beaches of Dunkirk, apart of the expeditionary troops, defended soldiers as they evacuated the beaches, left behind to then swim out 2 miles off the coast to a allied ship. The ship being too full swam back to Dunkirk to then be taken as a prisoner of war. Marched then to stalag XXI in Poland. I met him only once when I was very young. There's a film right there.
I have a feeling that Mark Rylance will become Nolan's next Michael Caine.
Se ve tan interesante! ya quiero verla ????????
HARRY
Harold?????€??€?
Brasil est???? aqui por voc???? Harry ??????
all these ww2 movies that coming out makes me think the media is trying to prepare us for ww3 especially after trump being elected.
1D fangirls better respect the movie for its view of Dunkirk not some guys random guy named Harry Styles is in it. I bet most of fangirls in watch the movie have no clue what the battle is. They would probably focus too much on Harry Styles and forget the entire Dunkirk event itself
battlefield 1 :D
thats my boy from peaky blinders!
???€????????????? ???????????????????? ???€?????????????????, ????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????€? ???????????€?????????????????????, ???????? ???????????????????€????? ???????????????????????????€????? ???????? ?? ???????????????????? ????????????????????????????, ???????????????? ???????€????????????€????? ????????????????????????????????????€?
Yash Harry omg i'm screaming and crying LOL???????€?
Harry must be "we're only getting older baby and I am in this movie so it doesn't matter if I am changing, it will never change me and you.
NO MAMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES. OMG! ????Soy la ????nica que habla espa????ol aqu????? Me ha encantado este trailer. JODER, STYLEEEEEEEEEEEEES?????€??€?
battlefield 1 :D
this legit just gave me goosebumps
Why were they just stood on a beach?
harryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
"@ the people saying harry shouldn't be in the movie because he'll ruin it
 ok but wait for the movie to come out and after that you can judge."
"omfg dat music
 omfg cette atmosphere

 nolan president

 what's soundtrack pls"
Shut the fuck up and let people be excited about their favorite's acting debut. Jesus Christ.
holy Shit
Considering how masterful a director Christopher Nolan is, I Will assume he wouldn't give Harry Styles a role if he weren't a capable (enough) actor. If he does a good job, then I don't mind.
i am so excited for this movie!!!!! tbh harry styles is quite a good actor from the looks of it....BUT DAYUUMMMM THIS IS SIIICCKKK!!! this is a chris nolan movie and i am legit just freaking out im sick of all the superheroes this is some real shit
0:47 Harry Styles is the best and most beautiful soldier of this movie
Good to see Cilian Murphy...Nolan And Murphy will rock again...totally epic...
OH MY FUCKUBG GOD I AM SO DAMN READY
It's a shame that he's in this if only for the fact that neurotic teenage girls will be screaming every time they see him on the screen. They'll ruin it for those of us who actually see this as a depiction of the sacrifice that our countrymen made in the defense of liberty and freedom.
survival is victory....and survival is necessary
Can you believe that there are people who think that 1d fans are still 12 and scream whenever they see Harry. Wow
The Soviet Union actually won the war...
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU HAROLD
hans zimmer FTW
Which one is Harry Style? Can someone point out for me??
Revenant sequel ?
Comment section: Harry Styles!
tom hardy oh yeah
with superheroes all around me, i have forgotten what it feels like to be human, to experience fear. fuck off superheroes movie. i need this.
looks like the most boring movie ever harry deserved better
Those uniforms are way too clean
Another movie glorifying a crushing defeat,i bet they will make one gloryfying their cowardly surrender in Singapore also in the future.
Enter fangirls who will claim they know their history and ask for a little respect
Thomas Shelby
harry omg????????????????
HARRY LINDO, HARRY GOSTOSO, HARRY MARAVILHOSO ?????????????????????????????????????€?????????€???
looks good but replace the Germans with hordes of batmans and it looses it's seriousness
The cast of this looks incredible.
can you all just watch the trailer without bringing his name "harry styles"? i mean if you dont like him just shut up and watch the trailer.
"I just know one Harry..... and that is








 Harry Potter"
World War II movies like this are more than welcome for me. I can never watch them enough. B-)
I saw hairy styles!!! wait he cut his hair, who gives a shit!!!
OMGGG MY SON/husband IS ON THAT MOVIEEEE I CANT EVENNNN????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
HARRYYY????????????????????
I'm in love with the movie already
"a Kevin Nolan movie!!! ???????€????????€????????€?
 (I'm screaming????????) [oh, and Harry is there????????????????"
Tom Hardy baby
so excited??????
Am I the only one who felt a Saving Private Ryan vibe on this film?
Can't wait for another masterpiece by Christopher Nolan ?????€???
Hit like if you only for Harry???????????€????????€????????€??? my baby ????????????????????????????????
This is my most hyped movie of next year!!!
why is everyone so upset that a singer is trying out acting? he auditioned and he got the role. he wants to act. nothing is wrong with him being in this movie. stop trying to be an asshole who hates on him because he is a part of a singing group. if anything the fans of him will just make the movie get more money. chill out y'all it's all gonna be okay believe it or not.
This is so intense!! I love it! Cant wait to watch it!! xx
I don't know what all these other guys are talking about, all I know is that it fills me with pride to know my great grandfather was at Dunkirk and I hope this film will do well
I can't wait for this to come out. It looks like it's gonna be so good omg
IM GONNA SHIT MYSELF HOLY SHIT THIS IS AMDHJABDBAJAJD
Hey phandom you out there?
Yeah Weymouth!
IM SCREAMINGGGGGGGG
how 205 people can dislike this???????????????????????????????????
"In a talk with Fagalde and Abrial, British general Alexander confirmed that according to the order from Dover, he could not engage his troop in the battle. He added that anyway ''his men are tired...''. Understanding that the british would not participate in the close defines of the beachhead, Abrial answer to Alexander :

 ''My General, as there's no more way of relying on the English cooperation, the mission which was given to me will be performed by the sole French troops. We, the French, are bound by an imperative mission of resisting until death to save as many troops as possible on the beachhead of Dunkirk. As long as this goal is not reached, we'll reached our positions''."
"Me: watches the 3 secondes harry appeared in the trailer
 Me: HE DESERVS AN OSCAR HAVE YOU EVER SEEN SUCH A TALENT WE ALL ARE BLESSED BY HIM"
starting music bit similar to 'Mountains' ???????????????? goosebumps
Really looking forward to this. It'll do for Dunkirk what Saving Private Ryan did for D-Day (ie bring the brutal and shitty reality of war into sharp focus for a generation who barely know there even was such a thing as WWII). More movies like this, please.
Ojal???? que la pel????cula tenga subt????tulos,quiero escuchar la voz de Harry
I love it??????
To 1D fans, this is a film directed bt Christopher Nolan, the same guy behind 3 Dark Knight films, Inception, Memento and Interstellar. I don't give a fuck about Harry Styles. Also, Harry Styles in a Christopher Nolan movie is like casting Jacob Sartorius in a Steven Spielberg movie. Just saying.
From the best director in th world ????????waiting badly for a masterpiece
yasss
Is Tom Hardy the protagonist?
Love USA with a burning passion, but is anyone else happy to see a big WWII hollywood blockbuster that's not centered around American troops?
THATS THE GUY FROM PEAKY BLINDERS OMG
"i like harry.....
 .
 .
 .
 .
 .
 potter"
You can have the baby Harry girls, I'm here for Tommy and Cillian.
SAY IT WITH ME "NOLAN DOESN'T NEED HARRY STYLES' FANS, HE HAS ENOUGH OF HIS OWN" Goddamn all these salty ass bitches is the comment section dragging Harry for being in the movie when Nolan himself allowed him to be there like????? What is the problem??? Obviously Nolan thinks he can act, otherwise he wouldn't be casted in the first place. I know fangirls could be annoying af but that's what stopping you from enjoying the actual movie? That's sad af
I'm so proud of you Harry my Love. I love you???????????????
Please someone tell me what's wrong with watching a certain movie because you're a fan of one or a few of the actors playing the roles in it? Everyone needs to chill. The people that are going to see this movie for the sole purpose of Harry Styles may be opened to the brilliance of Nolan and may open up more of an appreciation for his movies. So let's all relax with the hate against Harry and let's all admire the fact that this film may be one of the best films of the year... despite the fact that an actor in it has a large female fan base. All publicity is good publicity, people.
It's my sister's birthday and I am early and all of you. can I get a like pls?????€????????€????????€???
Not dying in war had to be luck! not skill if you got out alive.
OMG CHRIS!!! THERES MY BOY!! ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
"49% i hate harry
 49% i love harry
 2% Who the fuck is harry?!?"
Dear summer, pls come soon..
Harry Harry harrry
Wow
Lockhart?
Tom Hardy > Harry Styles or whatever
Stupid fucking Harry fancunts, kill yourselves.
Christopher Nolan Trailers are never as close to as good as the movie will be
"""at the going down of the sun and in the morning we will remember them""
 the Fallen by Lawrence Binyon"
So while his family is in jail, Tommy Shelby goes to Dunkirk?!
shut your mouth if you don't know anything about Christopher Nolan! here just because of him :) eagerly waiting for 19th July 2017.
here for harry
I sure if harry styles ruin this movie, I'm going to kill someone
This is going to be epic.
HAZZ NAO PODE MORRER
Didn't know Harry kane was so popular apart from playing football
se o Harry Styles morrer, eu vou matar todo mundo da recep????????o e vou pegar meu dinheiro de volta
Who the FUCK is Harry Styles?
"How smart is Christopher Nolan for casting Harry Styles in this movie.
 without him, the Audience of the movie would have been half of what it will be now. no group of girls go to watch a war movie to the theater. Watch them flock to the cinemas for a girls night out.

 Watch this movie topple box office records.

 NOLAN, always a genius"
Dayyum look at those Spits. Gorgeous. Havent had a good flying film in ages.
Just saw this on insta and fuck I came to see AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH
Don't hate on Harry Styles because of his fans. Judge his job. Nolan choose him for a reason!!
fuck off all Harry fans ,I will watch this only for one reason Chris + Hans .
"Can't wait for fangirls who won't understand anything about this film, but only go for Harry Styles.
 Movie looks intense and awesome though. #AllHailKingNolan"
Don't hate on Harry Styles because of his fans. Judge his job. Nolan choose him for a reason!!
I'm dead.
this movie looks SO FUCKING GOOD!! ?????????????????
SOMEONE SAVE MY BABY
I'm here for Harry and the movie it seems like such an amazing movie. But also for harry
Yes!!
oscar bait
Proud of Harry! Love you boy??????
all those of you who think that the harry styles fans will "Ruin" the sad and hurting story that this movie is presenting. think about how the fact that harry styles play in this movie will incrase the young fangirls to read and learn about the history of the world war 2. I think that this kinds of movies will not seen by teens or young girls if theres no reason to watch, Now they will know more about the history of this world and i think this is an amazing opprotonity and not a bad thing.
nolan > hollywood
"Why the fuck is everyone getting their panties in a bunch over Harry Styles? I didn't even notice he was in there in the first place.
 And even if I did, who cares? Nolan probably had good reasons for casting him.
 Everyone was losing their shit when he cast Heath Ledger as the Joker. And when Tarantino cast Channing Tatum in The Hateful 8. Look how those turned out. This is gonna be fine."
"I just found out that the young girls are excited because of the guy from one direction instead of Nolan and the historic setting.

  I don't care about his movie career but I'm okay with him being casted as long as he can *perform his role."
Nolan did it ... Nolan brought harry
This may be the film for Nolan. By the film you probably know what I mean, the one that might get him an academy nomination or a win even.
All this happened because of France
This looks so fucking good so excited about this I love Nolan
I just dont undertand people problems with fangirls. you are watching this movie for ur own reason we are watching for our's. let us enjoy, and what "harry ruined the movie" nolan himself said harry is a hardworker and amazing actor. he choosed harry. so lets just forget the fight enjoy this fuckin beautiful movie
@0:37 the guy on the right does the worst dive. they edited it too early
I NEED A TIKET
Chris Nolan is backkkkkk!!!!!!!HECK YEAH!!
Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer. Nothing more to say
The wait is over!!
"Every 14 year old girl on this trailer:
 OMG!!! Harry looks so georgeous ! ????????????????????????? I don't really care what the movie is about or the director and the cast I JUST WANT TO SEE HARRY !!!"
AWWW HARRY
if you didnt care about harry styles, dont say his name. ha.
okay i'm a harry styles fan but for once can people not make it all about him like jfc
Maybe finally the movie that will give nolan his long deserved oscar
! ! A W E S O M E ! !
"No shits given for Harry Styles.
 But I do hope he does well"
harryyyyyyyyy????????????????????????????????????????????????
Is Tom Hardy a German or British pilot?? God, it would be great if he were German. I'd like to see both sides of this.
Alguien que hable espa????ol? Bebe harry hermosoooooo
me siento como una madre orgullosa :^)
Doesn't really look good at all.
"Chris Nolan the name is enough.
 Another masterpiece !
 Agree = Like"
I can't fucking wait ????????????????????????
i was watching Inception!.. took a break and opened youtube! Bamm..! there it was "Dunkirk Trailer released 1 hr ago"
look at all the people mad bc people only care about the movie bc of harry. never seen people so pressed in my life.
Who else came for Harry????????€?
1:38 When you learn that zayn leaves the group
Warner fuck*ng bros .. Amazing
1st day 1st show .. hit like and comment
If you guys noticed any CGI, pleease contact me.
"I have no idea who is Harry.
 I'm here because it is Nolan's movie."
Can't wait for Nolan's new movie!
The flag at 0:14 is upside down :/
I'm here for Tom Hardy, damn Christopher Nolan back at it again with the explosions... B????)
Who the FUCK is Harry Styles? And why isn't anyone commenting on how glorious this trailer looks? Surprised to see the return of the WW2 action genre.
All these people hating on Harry when they haven't seen him act yet... give the damn boy a chance. Y'all calling on their fans "childish, immature, bunch of 12-year old etc." yet here you are acting like one.
My goodness..People complaining about fangirls, shut up. Yes we love that Harry is in this movie, sue us. But that doesn't mean we genuinely don't appreciate the story. If the movie will be good, we will love it and appreciate it, Harry Styles or not.
don't be such hypocrites. if Dicaprio or Depp were in this movie you wouldn't go out shouting 'omg i hate those fucking girls fangirling over them'. you too go to the movies to watch the movie and also because you appreciate the cast. let those girls live for god's sake just because Harry Style is in this doesn't mean that the movie lost its appeal and so on, Harry Styles playing in it doesn't make the movie shit. give him a chance if he was casted there's a fucking reason. the theaters will be busy Harry Styles or not so you might as well buy your ticket and just fucking get over it, there's no need to ditch anyone just appreciate the movie and that's it, it won't keep you up at night.
We get it, You want him to die first because he is in a boyband. We get it, He is just a stupid white spoiled boy because he got a role in a movie he auditioned for. We get it, You just don't like him. We get it, people can't watch the movie because they like him. We get it, YOU ARE SO MUCH BETTER THAN EVERYBODY ELSE. But please, shut the fuck up.
Harry in a Christopher Nolan movie, my dream came true
Christopher Nolan ?????€????????€????????€??? Looking forward to watch this. So love war movies. esp that I could be able to see Harry act!
An action movie, that's also a Chris Nolan movie, that also has Harry Styles in it???? I'm so pumped man.
I can't wait for this!
This looks really good. Does anyone know what the rating will be? Not that it matters much, but I would personally like it if it were R-rated.
OMFG!!!!! can't wait I just can't fucking wait..it looks like everything I hoped for... and harry????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I'm probably going to be in the minority... but I was somewhat underwhelmed by this trailer. Maybe it's the way it was cut. Just didn't have that impact. Especially with that first amazing and brooding teaser. I'm a huge Chris Nolan fan and I know this will be an amazing film. I guess I was expecting something else.
this fandom, cares that harry is in a movie because he did something he didn't think he could so we're all extremely proud of him. and some of already love Nolan's movies so having Harry in it is just a plus.
Finally a WW2 Call of Duty
I have no opinion of this Harry Styles fellow. But if I go to see this movie and the theater is full of teenage girls screaming for him, I'm going to be pissed.
Who is Harry Styles? I came here for Tom Hardy and Christopher Nolan.
Strangely I am very glad that I find this trailer to be crappy and leaves me setting no high expectations, that's exactly how I prefer to walk into a Christopher Nolan movie. Can't wait to see it!!
"1:48
 Yesss!"
Honourable German Air Knights shooting at defenceless red cross ships.
People should have respect with each other. Why ppl dissing fangirls of harry for posting a comment about harry. Just get over it, if you don't want to see them posting about harry well dont read the comments here. If u have read some don't go further It'll end up dissing someone. Was harry's fans wasn't allowed to be here? does the discription says "No fangirls of harry allowed" ? well I didnt see anything about that. Youtube is free we get to see, comment and like everything in here. So why can't others leave the hell the girls/boys or fans alone. Let them be proud of their favorites. why if u are proud at ur fav actor or actress and u comment at the section below does something diss u? where's the respect of HUMANITY here?
some of y'all are praising nolan and saying he wouldn't pick someone if they were a shit actor and yet you keep on hating on harry even though you basically don't know shit about his acting skills... and you want him to get the eff out of the movie just beacuse he's a one direction member... talk about being a mature human being. can you all first wait til the movie comes out? stop assuming something when you could actually be wrong. jfc
HARRY!!!!
im super hype for this film
i'm here for Harry Styles
this film actually looks really good
NO Michael Caine in a Christopher Nolan movie ??
"I don't get why people are mad that a lot of ''fangirls'' are only going to see the movie for Harry, I mean you should be glad that he's in the movie, not only for promo but also because he is one of the biggest popstars in the world right now and it will expose more of Nolan's work to a different variety of people. Also you never know... he could do absolutely amazing because we all know that Nolan wouldn't hire anyone unless they are talented. Now instead of focusing on telling ""fangirls"" that they should kill themselves so you don't have to be in the theater with them you should just focus on watching the movie. Not all fangirls are airheads like you seem to think.

 Thanks."
ugh, just let people fangirl over Harry if they want to, what's the problem with it?
Is no one here for Cillian Murphy? Tom Hardy? Kenneth Branagh?
I'm here for the movie, and I'm also a big fan of Harry Styles. I think some girls out there have to relax.
which character is Tom Hardy playing?
this a christopher nolan movie, wtf is harry styles doing here :(
"The MAESTRO has returned!
 Chris Nolan is love!
 Chris Nolan is life!"
"Reasons why I'll watch this movie:
 1) Christopher Nolan is a director
 2) Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, Kenneth Branagh, Mark Rylance
 3) Hans Zimmer
 4) It's a war movie
 5) It looks great
 I don't care for Harry Styles, I care for a movie"
Hw can anybody dislike this
Its a Christopher Nolan movie. Take my money!!
So you've got one of the most remarkable feats of human achievement and courage of all time, with tens of thousands of lives at stake, being depicted on the big screen by one of the most gifted directors of all time, Christopher Nolan -- and all you bitch ass white girls are here for is some prick from a boy band? My God, I'd be surprised if you had two brain cells to scrape against each other.
here for styles
Finally Nolan back again with an awesome film, I just can't wait to summer!
I can't wait. Christopher Nolan's movies are always so good. This is not a exception.
Although I'm excited to see Harry, the movie looks really good, so good!!
HARRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
can't wait to see this movie 3 years since Nolan's last movie
Already know this will be sad though
"Spoiler:

 Harry's gonna die like a bitch"
feel the music of Hans Zimmer with Chris Nolan's Direction. Eagerly waiting for this
Please can someone tell me the name of soundtrack at 1:29 mark? Even Shazam isn't helping.
Hans Zimmer ????????
Looks too clean, I feel like Nolan will try to hit the emotion but how clean the frame looks will just deter from that, I hate to be that person but Saving Private Ryan is pretty much the War film you need to use as a guide because it brilliantly made you feel like you were apart of the ugliness of war, this just looks too sterile.
OH MY GOD I C MY BAE HARRYY!!!
So you've got one of the most remarkable feats of human achievement and courage of all time, with tens of thousands of lives at stake, being depicted on the big screen by one of the most gifted directors of all time, Christopher Nolan -- and all you bitch ass white girl are here for is some prick from a boy band? My God, I'd be surprised if you had two brain cells to scrape against each other.
I'm so excited for Harry being part of this, but I've never liked movies about war, so I'm not sure if I'm going to watch it...
hans zimmer is amazing......knows his work just like Christopher Nolan. both are best
finally Christopher Nolan Movie
Christopher Nolan is a fucking genius.
i cannot believe they showed more styles than tom hardy where he's the lead guy
If that faggot Harry dies the movie gets 10x better than it ever could be.
Why do I have a feeling it'll be as good as "Saving Private Ryan"?
1. yes I'm a 1d and harry fan 2. I FUCKING LOVE WAR HISTORY MOVIES THEY'RE SO EMOTIONAL AND BEAUTIFULLY WRITTEN I can't wait
Harry!!! ????????????????????????????????????????
Christopher Nolan movie on my birthday.... awesome treat???????€?
I wonder if this will be better than the original.
I will watch this movie and I will enjoy it.
"I swear.
 If any annoying teenage fangirl yells at the scenes of Harry Styles during the premiere, blood will be shed."
I can't wait to watch this, even though I don't really like to watch war movies.
"Tom Softy is in this?
 And I'm getting pretty tired of World War movies not including russians; they are the Eastern Front, aka 50% of both of those wars. I know America is pissed with the ""commie ruskies"" but just deal with it Hollywood."
0:43 Beastmaster64
In this film Harry will get AIDS, and that's all because he got raped by Hitler!
such a weak shot of tom hardy
No one's gonna mention how good the score is ?
"Everyone here is complaining how 80% of the ppl will watch this movie only BC of Harry Styles
 Why not??
 Do you think that the producer or whoever the f!ck picks the actors didn't wanted this....attention?
 And if Harry doesn't ruins the character and the role he was given (and I'm pretty sure he won't) all you have to do is just shut up and enjoy the movie!!!"
Dunkirk is gonna blow up Saving Private Ryan to pieces!
Original movie between fucking super heroes sequel and reboot at 2017.
???? ???????? ???????????????? ???????????????€?????. ???????€????????€????????€?
Who the fuck is Harry Styles?
I hope harry's character dies in the first 10 minutes
This looks incredible.
BTW I love movies based on real life incidents, more importantly anything with war in it. I am sure I will love this as well.
Harry slays again?????????. I'm so proud to be a directioner. our boys rules in every field they go.
that must have been so much fun to film
Beautiful picture. Way too beautiful and polished to capture the most accurate and raw depiction of war. It has nothing on Saving Private Ryan
HARRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
"That Music at the beginning remonds me of Interstellars-""No time For caution""!
 Hans and Nolan are back !They will bring another History!"
LA PUTA MADRE,HARRY DIOSO STYLES ?????? YA QUIERO QUE SE ESTRENE ALV
Here only for Nolan :)
The king has returned, and his name is Christopher Nolan.
harry!
here because of harry, and then realized that the movie is gonna be so kewl
All these people commenting on fangirls being annoying need to understand one thing: yes, they are here for Harry Styles, but I really don't understand how you think that they're not going to learn anything from the movie. If anything this is a younger demographic that is going to be introduced to something different and who knows, they might even take an interest in history after this. Something has to be the starting point, so let this be it. Let's all just stop hating and try to enjoy Nolan's artwork of a movie.
Can't wait to see this movie! Love historical movies. And added plus is my boy Harry. I'm glad he's branched out into new medias. Can't wait to see how he does and of course, can't wait for my mind to be blown away by this movie!! It looks soooo good.
A lot of people will only come bc of Harry, a lot will for Tom Hardy and a lot for Nolan's brilliance. It's all about preference. So nobody has right to shame others for their excitement.
I will literally only watch this for harry lol
I failed my math test today because I was busy trying to figure out why the fuck did Christopher Nolan cast Harry Styles.
"Christopher Nolan Ladies n Gentlemen!
 Christophucking Nolan!!!!"
Can all the haters stop commenting about Harry Styles all the time? You guys are annoying, I wan't to talk about the movie here.
Who is Harry? And why is everybody in the comments complaining about him?
cillian Murphy + tomhardy +Hans zimmer +Christopher Nolan= best movie of 2017
Cillian Murphy is so unconvincing.
omgggg!! HARRYYYY ????????????????????????????????
95 % of the comments here have to do with Harry Styles... Jeez people, can you just watch the awesome trailer and shut up?
fuck harry styles' haters. y'll get a life
Since it's French town, I'd much prefer the French spelling, "Dunkerque."
Retarded comments from One Direction fans incoming...
WARNING: MOST OF THE COMMENTS HERE ON THIS PAGE ARE SCIENTIFICALLY VERIFIED TO BE CARCINOGEN. SEE THE COMMENTS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
So..... what level of dream is this?
HARRY
it should be harry styles movie not tom hardy lol
How many millions of dollars were spent on this movie and you can't afford a few hundred more to provide closed captions for the deaf and hearing impaired? Including the few remaining who actually fought at Dunkirk?
Nolan can make paint dry epic.
"I swear if Harry dies in this movie I'll kill him ???????€??????€??€? please don't die
 I'm so excited for the movie"
Directioners have been deprived of Harry for far too long, okay. Just please let us have our moment to fangirl about him.. it's been a while
harry is a wannabe john mayor
I SWEAR TO GOD IF THEY KILL HARRY IM GOING TO FUCKING CRY UNTIL I DIE
"looks like boring garbage we've seen before but done better.

 this just has differnt actors and nolans shotty name all over it."
Harry ????????????
you're telling me you've never watched a film before because the cast appealed to you?liar
I came here for chris nolan who is harry style ? ???????€?
Everyone's talking about Harry Styles and I'm here sitting like ''Oh god Nolan's making another movie and it looks SOOOOOOOO good!''
Hmmm, too clean for a war scene, I guess.
"The definitive war movie of this decade, period.
 Thank you, Christopher Nolan!"
AH SHITTT
The ending tho, "Home" what a Larrie
Keep the smiling jerk out of the movie. Germany was evil in World War 2. This is the time to attack German with full nuclear onslaught.
ha! Bane in a Plane.
I kind of feel like Harry shouldn't have been cast in this film. Not because he's probably a bad actor or the theater will be swamped with girls looking for him. But because I don't think he is yet to be an A-list actor & singer. No offense, he just doesn't seem to set a good tone for such a deep emotional movie. I mean, most of his songs are about love & this movie is about heart break, death, & companionship, he just doesn't fit that image yet.
"everyone complaining about Harry or fangirls can fuck off.
 It's not like other people don't watch a film just because their favourite celebrity is in it like sit tf down.

 at least the box office will be big like the only people who will ruin this film are the unnecessary haters whining about it - if anything the fans (the true ones) would respect Harry enough to stfu during the film"
this is so sick
Nolan's movie... I'm in!
SOMEONE quickly get Doctor Strange! I need to use the Eye of Agamotto to get to this movies release day!
my babyyy!!!!
Harry!!!!????????????????????????????????
HARRYYYYY!!!!
I'm just waiting for the Wonder Woman cameo
if harry dies I s2g
would zayn malik watch the movie lel?
Releasing on my birthday, thanks Nolan for the gift ????????
Even though he only releases 1 movie like every 2 years, Nolan is such an acclaimed director, that whenever he does, it instantly generates buzz, and 9 times out of 10, garners a bunch of award nominations and wins. And like any great director, he has his go to actors, like Tom Hardy, Michael Caine, and Cillian Murphy (who it's refreshing to see play a hero as opposed to a villain this time around) just to name a few. With that being said, and with it being about war (which award committees love), I have nothing but faith in this movie.
I'm sure I'm not the first to admit I'm here for Harry, but I'm not just going to see the movie for him, if I only wanted to see it for him I would wait until it came out on dvd. That aside, those of us that are one direction fans we have to be respectful of others when going to see this movie and be quiet, wouldn't want to ruin other people's experience by fangirling over Harry. :)
If Harry dies I'll die too
I don't get it, what's this movie about?
What I really love about Nolan is his hesitance to use practical effects instead of CGI. And that shot at 1:30 is amazing. Very minimalistic trailer but hype is real
OY VEY! WHAT IS THIS!? WHERE ARE ALL THE BLACK MEN!? WHERE ARE ALL THE FEMALE SOLDIERS!? WHERE IS THE DIVERSITY!? THIS IS WHY WE'LL NEVER GIVE THAT GOY NOLAN AN OSCAR!
Watch Nolan deliver another home run yet again?????€???????????
proud of my boyyyyyyyyyyyy harry ??????? i can't wait to see it ???????
Eagerly waiting...
This seems like such a great film!
Haaaaaaaaaaaaarrrry
I feel like such a proud mother omg
"Not a 1D fan but however I am a Nolan fan. He wouldn't pick Harry Styles if he wasn't sure he could act, trust him.
 Now can everyone just enjoy the trailer? Thanks."
nice trailer but I think a better job could've been done on the emotion conveyed. It seems to be an even mix of trying to inspire hope and terror at the same time but never shows enough terror to warrant the hope. i think more can be done in the trailer to better highlight the true fear the soldiers felt
Just what we need, another shitty ww2 movie
that's my boy Harry you look sooooo good I love you can't wait to see the movie
God.. this looks so good.. I'm really excited for this.
CILLIAN MURPHY ?????????????????????????????????????????????????
GIVE MY HUSBAND ALL THE FUCKING OSCAR'S
I'm still waiting for Michael Caine cameo... this will be epic
"I had to google who this ""harry"" character is. Turns out most women know who he is. The problem is that most of the people in this comment section are men.

 Movie looks good."
I wonder if they will give acknowledgement to the 30,000-40,000 French soldiers that fought as the rear guard and allowed the mainly British forces to GTFO of Dunkirk.
I CAN'T WAIT TILL I SEE THISSKS
it's the least exciting trailer from nolan but i bet the movie is going to be good after all it's a nolan + zimmer movie
"Battle at Dunkirk: (allies vs. nazis)
 400k vs. 800k soldiers
 50k vehicles (including tanks) vs. 100 tanks
 145 planes vs. 156 planes
 11k dead vs. 20-30k dead

 Allies only:
 9 destroyers
 200 marine vessels
 40k fell to captivity"
saving private harry
oh yes
Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy together again?!
LEGEND
I can't wait to see how America saved the British at Dunkirk, after all we won WWII.
Idk it was pretty underwhelming. I'm still hella excited for this movie though
Yayy
SO PROUD???????
"Here for Nolan and Tom Hardy!
 Couldn't care less for that other actor also starring."
Wait a second. Why didn't I see Michael Caine? What the fuck Nolan?
I expected something different..
YOU ARE DOING AMAZING SWEETIE???????
Bane flying an airplane? this is gonna be good
Yassss harry
diosss haryyyyyyy
PG-13????? WHY?!?!?!
I myself am a Harrys girl. But I think our fandom should stop bragging about Harry too much and focus on the movie and other actors too.
Well, I fuckin loved it. I think Nolan may win an Academy for this one. Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, Kenneth Branaugh... What else do you want? Looks like Harry Styles is gonna go the Jared Leto route. Anyway Nolan wouldnt have cast Styles if he didn't think he was good.
"Baby, you're my only reason -for Harry. ?????€????
 I'm curious if he is gonna read our commentaries. I mean... He still love us.?????€????"
Neamm
I must admit, I'm only going to see the movie for Harry Styles, but I honestly think I will enjoy the movie just as much since it is a film from Christopher Nolan. Inception is still one of my favorites till this day.
omg the hype inside !!
Shit Harry ??????????????????????????????
I don't fucking get it. But i bet the movie will be good.
This is SO heavy OMG..
1:23 sounds like Harry!!!?
Nolan is another Michael Bay that thinks that he is the next Spielberg or Scorsese...nothing interesting or new in this trailer.
Years ago when I was in the seascouts I once spent a weekend on the MTB 102 which crossed the channel 8 times for Operation Dynamo at Dunkirk .Being young and stupid I didn't realize the historical significance at the time.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. I'M I THE ONLY ONE HERE FOR HARRY? I also love Christopher Nolan's movies
People who are attacking people who came to watch harry are disgusting. Watch the trailer and shut the fuck up. You are the ones who are making this about harry.
kinda makes the germans look like dickheads
Nolan is my favorite director... What the fuck was he thinking in casting that little fuckboy.
It's a Christopher Nolan movie. No one gives a fuck about Harry Styles. Stop grinding your ass over him fangirls.
What does Cillian Murphy say at 1:27 ?
???€??????? ???????????????????????? ?????????????????? ???€????????? !!!
.
I know Nolan is God, but sadly trailer was not that good.
Christopher fucking Nolan fellas
the chills
a???? gente , o Harry
Que pendejas las personas que dicen que la pel????cula va a estar llena de fangirls por Harry. Osea la entrada al cine la estoy pagando yo, que mierda te importa a ti porque o por quien vaya.
I want to watch this fantastic movie in cinema but I can't because of those harry styles fangirls... thanks a lot harry
1:12 The guy saying dunkirk seems like Harry..
everyone is going on about Harry Styles but I'm freaking out over the fact that Mark Rylance is gonna be in it
Looks sleek, but I still have no clue what it's about. Sometimes I miss the trailer guy from the 90s explaining the basic plot with his epic voice
God Bless Christopher Nolan
Just like interstellar trailer is mediocre. I am sure movie will be amazing
Notice how it doesn't once state "from the director of The Dark Knight & Inception" , I feel this movie is going to be epic
This is one reason 2017 gives me hope :-)
Thank you Nolan for making such amazing movies.
Jaaaarrrriiii ????????€?
You know...I had no idea that a member of 1D was even in this until I visited the comments. I was just happy as hell to see a big budget, AAA, Hollywood War movie about something other then 'Murica. I LOVE World War 2 history and I really hope that Nolan does the theater justice and I really hope that he shows just how bad ass the French were in world war 2, even when fighting a losing battle.
That plane sound is the voice of Stuka who is one of the German Airplanes
I hope Harry die.
Looks pretty mufuckin' good
who is harry styles? why is he a fuckin talking point of this trailer rather than a fuckin piece of history and god Nolan?
Seriously can't wait for this movie. Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy in one film along with newcomers as Harry Styles only can be good. As christopher Nolan films always have been and ever will be
"it is 2016 . I dont care if they died or survived. nobody cares. there are at least 30 million people like me in US.
 I wouldnt even stream this movie when i am bored and looking for a lazy sunday entertainment. I am really fed up with this world war glorification bullshit. retard nationalists circle jerking each other until someone shoots someone.
 dumbass 1900s people are below us."
so sickening to think this movie won't be appreciated by a big chunk of the audience because they are a bunch of blind fangirls too busy looking/thinking about Harry Styles being in it.
NOLAN IS GOOD. NOLAN IS GREAT. NOLAN IS GOD.
Nolan is already a synonym of Masterpiece. 100% sure this movie is going to be awesome.
there are no cgi guys. everthing is done for real. explosions, planes ships etc
seems legit
HA as Bf-109 again? Oh well, i'm a nuts'n'bolts grognard...
once again, chris nolan's trademarked font.
Well, I guess we know the winner for best picture in 2018(!)
oh look a movie glorifying losers, germans were the winners here, hope and survival being winning is just loser talk lololol
Quite genius actually, not only will ticket sales go through the roof but teenaged girls who belong to the braindead pop-music celebrity culture will also get educated . It's a win-win scenario.
deez goosebumps tho
Nobody should complain about fangirls going to see this film because it will guarantee this films makes and opens up the possibility for more films like this to be made. It will also expose them to amazing actors like Kenneth Brannagh and Mark Rylance.
"noticed? they took out that weird smiley extra.
 The trailers gives me chills."
Frames with propaganda are increrible
"This movie looks unbelievably............





 Bad"
anyone here bcuz of Harry??????????????
Well that was thoroughly underwhelming. Doesn't matter though it's still gonna be absolutely amazing.
That boat that's sinking is DC films without Nolan
Not sure about this at all. Nothing about it looks that great so far?
Epic.... Must watch
a masterpiece
It'd be perfect if this came out before July 2017 before my History GCSE.
When the british runned away from the fight and let the french soldiers fight alone
We get it, guys. You want Harry Styles to die in the movie because he was in a boyband. You are so edgy. Congratulations. You sound like the same morons who were bitching about Heath Ledger in TDK.
harry's looking good
Can't wait for Nolan to come back after this to direct 'No, Zack Synder, I'll fix the Batman movie'
Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer + Tom Hardy. What more can I say?
Did I just saw a bf-109 with stuka sirens at 1:47 ? Or then it was just a stuka on the background...
And the Oscar for Best Picture goes to..
"0:47 , 1:39 , 1:53 - 1:54

 ME: CRY A RIVER WHILE SHOUTING AND CLAPPING ENCORE ENCORE BRAVO BRAVO"
english cowards
BF109 E4?
"00:09
 starts engine
 "" cooper there's no point using the fuel t- ""
 "" analyse the endurance's spin ""
 "" cooper, what are you doing? ""
 "" docking """
"2016 we get hacksaw ridge
 on 2017 we get Dunkirk!"
Shitty movie.
Its only been an hour and im telling you dont go further down the comments
harry!
It looks really good, good cast.
GREAT JOB WITH THE TRAILER, I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE MOVIE.
I was in another world for 2 minutes.!!!
Wait isn't that English boat captain a Soviet underground spy in America?
0:43 British Kilgore gonna get his goddamn surfboard.
Harryyyyyy
"N O L A N
 O
 L
 A
 N"
This movie looks good, it will be amazing but that guy (the one that every girl of 10 is a fan) is just annoying.
love you nolan. Nolan is above all
This makes up for the new shit transformers and fast and furious 20 rubbish :)
It's great watch to Harry Styles achieving new things. ??????
BOOM and it hits! I got the Saving Private Ryan vibe from it!
at least this will be understood by majority ???????€????????€?
BUT WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU ALL? If we are here bc of Nolan THAT'S OKAY, if we are here because of Hardy THAT'S OKAY, if we are here because of Harry Styles THAT'S OKAY TOO. It's like we can't see films where our idols participe, isn't it? Stop say shit about us and about anyone who watch the fucking film because of their reasons, because Nolan, Hardy, Styles or God don't care a shit about you and your hate. Damn it.
I'm so ready for this movie!!!!
He did not reveal everything in the trailer which is a relief nowadays
All I see is Harry Styles
After Tom Hanks every one wants to save private Ryan in Pearl harbor
harryyy
Those Messerschmitts are beautiful <3
okay I am a huge fan of Harry, but I swear, I really want to watch this movie because this seems to be so well produced, and directed, and that's why I can't wait to see how good this movie will be, so shut up. :)
omg I'm screaming?????????????????????????????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€????????€????????€???
omg im so excited to see it
another masterpiece of Nolan??????
HARRYYYYY
hairrys fans are stupid white teenagers
SE PASO CHAMA
Those plane sound effects reminded me of the end of In the Flesh? on Pink Floyd The Wall.
Nolan film must be good. trailer not disappointing
who is here only for NOLAN :)
This movie looks sooo good, can't wait to see it!
Sono qui solo per Harry ops! (hi) ...ok no :)
average trailer...salman khan movies are the best
"Hats off to Nolan
 Waiting for this one pretty bad
 Most anticipated movie of 2017"
ONE DIRECTION FANS MAY BE EXCITED THAT HARRYS IN THE MOVIE BUT WE HAVE A RIGHT TO BE. LOL LOTS OF US LOVE MOVIES AND ARE GENUINELY INTERESTED IN THE STORY OF THIS WAR. DON'T TELL US WE CANT BE EXCITED. & YOU HAVENT SEEN THE MOVIE YET SO DONT FUCKIN SAY HARRY CANT ACT. IF CHRISTOPHER NOLAN AND CILLIAN MURPHY SAY HE'S A TALENTED ACTOR, HE'S A TALENTED ACTOR.
OMG!!! HARRY STYLES!!!!!!!
this movie looks amazing
"Harry.........
 AJDGHSISGDHSKDHDBSJKS"
The expressions on Tom Hardy's face is incredible !
Harry ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????€??€?????????
yo harry looks so good and this movie is gonna be bomb af
tom hardy and cillian Murphy again! can't fucking wait to see this!
HLLY SHIT HARRY IM DYING
Who the hell is harry? Sorry, I'm an old 30+ year old. Somebody clue me in?
Not much blood for a war movie
I'm sure this movie is going to touch many hearts.
The trailer looks sick. I sure as hell am not going to spend my money on this movie just because Harry is in it. Yes, there's going to be fans overreacting and spending their money just to see him once it comes out, so what? I myself feel secondhand embarrassment sometimes but just ignore them and let them be. If anything, that's going to be beneficial for its income. And for fuck's sake, Harry is not responsible for anything they may say, so please stop being so hateful towards him insulting and disrespecting his work when he's done absolutely nothing to deserve it. I doubt Nolan would have given him the role for his looks and give him more lines during filming if he didn't see talent there.
Am I too early or are there no worthy top comments to read?
Too bad harry and all his ugly virgin fan girls can't drown in real life
French soldiers fought to death at Dunkerque to allow britannic troops to run away. Where the fuck are they ?!
Rather bland trailer imo. I love Christopher Nolan movies so I'm still definitely gonna watch.
Harry Styles (born 1 February 1994) is an English singer-songwriter and ACTOR. He is known as a member of a pop rock band called One Direction. He made his debut-...
He is the scientist who like to make movies, we called him Christopher Nolan
This comment section is full of cancerous Harry fangirls.
what a waste of resources for a live action history class. Nolan had the option of make AKIRA adaptation but he changed it for this? really?
Best director to ever live....
Whats this movie about ? :P
You know, I'm glad they are using real aircraft, but for fucks sake that's a Buch????n not a Bf 109. At least the one Spitfire is a blown canopy/laminate windscreen.
Dunkirk Donut
Compared to the greats, Nolan will be forgotten throughout history.
Sick dude!
harryyyyy
Great trailer and it will be a great movie!
HE LOOKS SO HOT
I literally have tears in my eyes HARRY MY BABY
Ya quiero ver la pelicula, parece tener una buena participacion de personajes, la tematica se ve super me llama este tipo de peli.
Thomas fockin Shelby
So does Nolan play this one pretty straight forward with respect to the actual events, or does he still manage to squeeze his signature twist in there and go for entertainment at the expense of accuracy?
Harry Styles? Oh shit what the hell, dude?
OMG MY BABY
Si Harry muere, los mato a todos. :)
This trailer captured immediately my attention, I'm really look forward to seeing it
Nolan's take on Wonder Woman.
i'm already so excited
Who the fuck is Harry?!
harry edward styles king
TOM.. ????????????????????????
This film looks so good... Wait, Harry Styles is in this? Ugh... Film still looks good, just eff off Harry....
the eastern front that shaped our world and not the western...
"???€????????€????? ????????????????€????????????€? ????????????????????????????????????????????€????? ???€????€????? ???????€????? ???????????????????€? ???€?????????????????????????? ???€????????????????? ????????????? ????????????????????, ?????????????????????????€????????????????€????????? ????????????????????, ???? ???????????€????? ???????????????????? ???????????????????€?. ???? ????????????????????????????? ???? ????????????????????-???€????? ????????????????????€????? ???????????????€?????????????.

 ???? ???€?????????????????????? ???????????????????????€?????????????€????? ???????? ????????????????????????€????????????????€????? ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????€?????????????? ""28 ???????????????€????????????????????€?????????"" ????????????? ???€????? ???€????€????? ???????????????€? ???????????€????????? ???????? ???????????€????? ???€??????????????????, ???? ???????????????????€????????????? ???????????????????????? ???€????????? ???????? ???????????€????????????€????? ???????????€?????????????, ???€????€????? ???€????????? ????????????????."
I already knew the story about Dunkirk at WW2. I already knew how amazing is Nolan as a filmmaker. This movie is my #1 expected movie from now til it comes out.
that was intense, imagine watching this for 2 hrs straight i'll get my body shaking with fear lol
Christopher Nolan? Lol this movie will flop, like his other movies. He is suck
Omg the replies to these 1D fangirls comments are killing me ????????????????
i love the planes sound it remind me of playing cod 1 when i play as russain
so bitter that Harry is in the movie and can't accept that those girls are just very supportive and dedicated. tsk tsk!
im crying so hard
CILLIAN MURPHY!!!!!!
marry me Nolan
"One Word: WOW.

 Nolan is a visual genius!"
"QUICK QUICK my chance to be top comment!!

 Dickbutt"
"My reaction: OMG! MY HUSBAND!!! MOM, LOOK AT THIS. THERE IS MY HUSBAND, MY LOVELY HUSBAND WHO MUST WIN AN OSCAR FOR THIS FILM!!!! AND HE IS PERFECT!
 My mom reaction : I don't care...And please be quiet.."
Overall, the trailer is epic
I'm just going to imagine that my Grandad is being played by someone famous and that everyone on here thank fuck that he got off that beach as much as I do <3 Miss you Grandad
This will be the only thing i will be watching until July..
HANS ZIMMER!!!!!!
Harry Styles
finally they show the world that Britain also made sacrifices in WW2. Thank you Nolan!!
Did someone just say Nolan?
"A World War 2 Story Nolanfied?
 I'm sold."
that BGM is very familiar. .. is that TIME from inception ??
Inglorious Basterds just got some new competition!
tom hardy ????????????
Looks real Saving Private Ryan like. Loving it.
Cillian Murphy and tom hardy. Fuck. Yes.
That world engine sound tho
American's be like "Where the fuck are we? If it wasn't for us you would be speaking German! :( "
Nolan ?????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?
Who the fuck cares about Harry Styles? This is a Chris Nolan movie not a fucking fangirl fandom event
the other comments are really funny!
The theater will be crowded by teenage girls wanting to see Harry. I know I am!!!!!
Chris Nolan: The Master
Ugh, give it back to Marvel.
Harry Styles brought me here.
Not the very best trailer I would say, a couple of random shots. The 2nd trailer will probably sell the story.
Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy both my man crushes in one movie what a result
anyone else notice the sound effects from BvS, particularly the sound queue for Bruce's dreams? I like that
I'm a vicious admirer of all things World War 2. I can't wait to see this. It looks amazing.
well I for one (and the only one it seems) looks forward to watching this movie, the trailer was thrilling yet unrevealing, and enough to give viewers insight to the situation. Harry or no harry, Tom or no tom, Cillian or no Cillian, it'll be brilliant cinematography, well done nolan, well done.
es hermosa, ya la quiero ver! ???????? y me chupa tres huevos que piensen que voy a verla solo por harry porque no es verdad y mientras yo sepa como es los dem????s me la soban
Oscar sweep for sure
Hype.
oh! look Scarecrow and Bane is in this movie too, guys
With all the trailers coming out showing the entire movie in it nowadays, it's good to watch one where you understand nothing.
Aw poor Harry Styles haters who strongly believe he will ruin this movie when you have absolutely no idea how good he can act. I've seen 95% of Christopher Nolan movies and I know he wouldn't waste his time on someone he didn't think had potential and could make his movie better. I'm sure he appreciates him luring his fan base in for this movie but he would never risk one of his big projects just for some extra fans (he has already many of them himself ). FIY not all directors are walking Harry fanatics who scream every time they see his face or hear his voice and even so there's nothing wrong with that once in a while. I'm a proud Directioner who's not here to defend just Harry but Christopher's movie as well because even if Harry wasn't in it I was still gonna watch it because some people can actually be Nolan AND Styles fan at the same time! Fascinating isn't it? You could be a fan of two people or two things at the same time hm but I guess haters will never understand that and just assume we're here because of a talented artist who's debuting his acting career and trying something new because he has the right to.
Trailer is fukingggg awesome..!!
I'm learning about the Dunkirk evacuation and IM REALLY EXCITED FOR THIS MOVIE OKAY LIKE HOLY SHIT HISTORY AND HARRY STYLES??? YES PLEASE.
Christopher Nolan...the name is enough?????€???
I can't believe Zayn left the band. I refuse to watch this movie until Harry begs Zayn to come back. #make1DgreatAgain
That BGM..! ???????? So haunting n awesome ..!
I'm a big fan of 1D but also my favorite movies are action movies, especially about war. So this is a win win situation :)
This looks so good...omg. I cannot wait!
Just came for Harry styles
this is about to be such a good fucking movie
EPIC...Christopher Nolan, Hans Zimmer, Tom Hardy & Cillian Murphy... Can't Wait, But Worth Waiting...
I might watch this just because of how vibrant it looks for a war movie.
Harry ????????????????????????
harry styles?
ME MOR???? ????????????????????????
1:04 "Messerschmitt" - Hispano Aviaci????n HA-1112
This movie looks great to suffer and cry, I'm in
Maybe this is the movie that will give Christopher Nolan an Oscar for Best Director (Maybe Best Picture). Academy Awards Jury loves War Movies, Right?
"i love harry
 but this film like battlefield 1 in my opinion"
Looks really good.
Nolan ????s A Genius: He put in Harry Styles to get all the stupid fangirls to watch his movie, these idiots don't watch movies like this.
harry styles ????????
Soldier wears WW1 British helmet but the sky is full of WW2 Planes
Harry styles drowne
God!! that horrifying background score.
take my money
You can never make out what's happening from the trailer ......... Typical Nolan ! Love it !
Still no french soldier...
shook
please let Nolan win an Oscar for this
In Nolan I trust
Pretty sure I'm not going to be disappointed when I see this film, Nolan never disappoints. The only thing that I'm disappointed with is him casting Harry Styles for publicity. Hope he doesn't fail.
OH FOR GODS SAKE HARRY LET ME FUCKING SLEEP ASDFGHJKL
"During the evacuation of staff of the British, French and Belgian troops in the Dunkirk area it was thrown almost all heavy weapons, machinery and equipment. -
 During the fighting with the German forces during the ""Dynamo"" operation and after its completion in the Dunkirk area were captured a total of 50 thousand soldiers of the French Army -

 not the best story for HEROIC film adaptation -"
DYING
meh
I don't even know who the hell harry styles is but based off these cancerous fangirl comments I'm glad I don't
meanwhile the french defend the entire english army waiting on the beach, but anyway it' an american movie so let's just not talk about that
I have no idea what the movie is going to be about...... inception, insteller, and now Dirk diggler
What's all the dislikes for??
SOUND ..!!! awesome
Bane... The Scarecrow... "Dunkirkception"??
All 139 dislikes are from neogaf because they hate Nolan movies
when you know that christopher nolan is the director of this movie
Haha so cool I'm in the trailer !
im not complaining, i love all of nolan's movies but i think its pretty funny that he uses the same exact actors in every single one
Comment about Harry styles makes me cringe. Cmon guys its Nolan even extras are going to act very best
This trailer is a big fuck you to whom said Harry can't act :)!! And I can't wait for the film so excited ?????€??€??????€??€? I love how christopher nolan chosed his cast!! Harry + cillian + Tom what more can I ask for?
such a great cast omg
"Hit like
 If u are here only for Harry
 ?????€??????€??????€??????€?
 my babay doing very well"
hans zimmer is back !
Who in the fuck is Harry Styles?
Redditor here. It's not a Nolan movie without the BWAAAAAAAAAARP
WB is going to have a great year in 2017
Tom Hardy will kill that smirking Guy i guess..
seems meh to me
"I'M SHOOK
 AYE WHERE'S MY 1D FANDOM AT??"
Don't scroll through the comments unless you want to see a bunch of annoying and pretentious teen girls talking about Harry Styles.
Why not get an actual good actor to play the lead? Like I don't care if this boyband boy is in the movie. But an important part of history, and big movie coming up & you make a boyband singer the lead? C'mon..
HARRY FUCKING STYLES JUST DID THAT. AND CILLIAN MURPHY AND TOM HARDY AND CHRISTOPHER NOLAN AND THE WHOLE CAST AND CREW JUST DID THAT.
Oh harry you ruined it all.
I trust in Nolan. Hope he drives it to A bridge too far, and forget Pearl Harbor.
One direction fans should banned from viewing. This film should be appreciated for its brilliance through Christopher Nolan and not Harry fucking styles.
beh langoy ka naman, wag tatanga tanga
80% of the comments are people talking shit about harry and directioners???????€????????€?????????????????
"Guess Who is back
 Sir Nolan."
Last time I was this early, Obama was president.
Christopher Nolan + Hans Zimmer = MASTERPIECE
This is gonna be epic. Do you wanna know why ?
Last time I was this early, Obama was president.
Major Hitler blunder right here. He should've annihilated the treacherous Brits instead of offering the warmongering monsters peace treaty and alliance. Oh well, better luck next time!
Oh my god, Harry Styles is in this? ???????€????????€? imma listen to his music while watching the film then loool
#InNolanWeTrust
People hating on Harry Styles are so immature.
To all of you hating on Harry becoming an actor in this, I would just wanna clarify by saying , first of all, you don't even know how to act as good as him. Second of all, people can fan girl and talk whatever they want. And third of all, if you despise him so much, then do t even bother watching the movie smh. Y'all are grown ups. At least learn to gain better levels of maturity
harryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?????€??€???????????????????????€??€??????€????????????????????
OMFG i can't wait for this one it's looks so epic <3
THIS MOVIE LOOKS SO GOOD IM SCREAMING
Tom Hardy again?
Sick
This was great! Excited for Summer 2017 !
That "Standing Man" guy is there.
Ya quiero ver la pel????cula, Dios
"NO WEY NO
 ESTOY HIPERVENTILANDO
 DIOS HARRY BEBO HERMOSO MOR????"
Who is here before 100k views?
Hazza!!! ????????????????????????????
Title font looks boring
Nolan, you beauty. ???????? Can't wait for it.
Move aside Martin Scorsese, Steven Spielberg, James Cameron, Wes Anderson, Ridley Scott, David Fincher, Quentin Tarantino, Peter Jackson, the daddy of all directors Christopher Nolan has arrived!! 2017 is the year of Nolan!!
harry omgggg I love him...he looks so good..So PROUD OF YOU HAZZA ??????????????????
I honestly came to see harry, but the movie seems awesome!
movie looks nice. what's it based on?
"B
 R
 A
 V
 O
 B R A V O"
HARRYYYY
Release the soundtrack already ,you Warner buggers,
Is that Tommy Shelby..??
Please nolan don't make harry die in this movie
Harrtrtrrrrrryyyy
that out of focus shot of the lee enfield getting chambered. drooling yep, it's a nolan movie.
Anyone know the music at 1:30?
I can't wait for this!!!!!!!!!
stop reading the comments and watch the trailer first.
HARRY GOSTOSO
"1:53 This is Harry character alive but he is drowning I don't want him to die like that, I don't want him to die no way to be honest but it's the first time he acts so maybe his character dies in some part of the film
 what is his character named?"
wrong sound effect for the 109 aircraft >_>
N????o entendi merda nenhuma mas parece ????timo
HARRY STYLES OH MY GOD ????????????????
"Okay I understand not everyone loves Harry Styles but I do and I know he's a good person and the creators of this movie seem like they wouldn't put a bad actor in this type of movie so please no more hate,I know he's bad dancer but at least wait until the movie comes out to determine his acting skills ????????Please and thank you and I want everyone to please start to be nicer in the comments.Directioners have a lot love and we have been through a lot this year especially with the lost of a mother and a baby born and band on break this year so don't get upset if we get all Aahhhh Harry Styles happy when we see him he makes us happy and all of you have something that makes you happy.You wouldn't want people insulting you and giving you death threats just because your happiness is connected something ????????
 -All the Love"
do it nolan! just do it
HARRY OMG
heyy theres my harry!!!?????€??€?
No Michael Caine?
There is no point in watching trailer of a Nolan movie.. you're not gonna get it anyways. ??????
Harry styles ????????????????????????
And that's why we should not be missing any Nolan's flicks. God Level :O
Tom hardy @ 1:48 !!!!!!!!
Hater will say, it doesn't look real
You already know like 80% of this movie's publicity is gonna be carried by Harry Styles hype and the rest that it's a Nolan film ???????€?
harryyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!
The BFG at 1:18
Yes finally Christopher Nolan!!! Most anticipated movie of next year!!
I'm fucking sobbing
just here because of Harry styles???????€??????€???
Cillian Murphy & Tom Hardy BEST COUPLE EVER
"OMGGGGG.....
 AHHHHHHH
 FINALLY I GOT TO SEE MY BABY!!!!
 Harry Edward Styles! !!
 such a cute little cupcake"
watch harry styles die the first 10 minutes of the movie muahahaha!!!!!
So help me god if there is a plot twist to save matt damon again.....
WOW
So far up Harry's ass I started bawling when I saw him all 4 times
Interstellar meets Inception meets The Dark Knight meets Saving Private Ryan.
1 word - awesome ?????€???
Tom Hardy should seriously win an Oscar this time...
it'll be really nice to see a quality war movie like this where the americans are not the saviours of the world for once. war is hell, these movies help remember what these people went through to protect not only their people but the world from fascism.
Tom Hardy put the mask again :/
Bane on a plane.
morri
Nolan could direct a 3hr. long Taco Bell commercial and I'd go see it. Twice.
omg harry!!
My lord...why am i shaking? Jesus man, Nolan does it again.
So weird seeing Harry fucking Styles in a movie. Fuck off you popstar cunt.
J???? estou ansioso pra assistir!
Can the directioners please stay away from WW2. I doubt they even know what year it was.
2017 is gonna be an AMAZING year for movies ???????????????????????????????? Dunkirk, Episode 8, Wonder Woman, JL, Kong: Skull Island, Spiderman, Silence, Live By Night, Guardians, King Arthur, Fate of The Furious, Baywatch bruhhhhh
Cillian Murphy is in this, so I'm watching it.
I sense thousands of directioners are coming
another magical ride by the master #CHRISTOPHER NOLAN
harry my baby
The cinematography here is stunning. Hoyte van Hoytema is a genius
TOM HARDY!!!!!!!
Fuck man???????€?. We all gonna get very very poor in 2017!!!!!!! Just look the no of blockbuster films releasing in 2017!!!???????€?. we all gonna fucked up...
CILLIAN MURPHY!!!!!!!
This looks like an absolute masterpiece. Christopher Nolan is an artist.
HARRYYYYYY FUCKING STYLEESSSSSSS
PLS SONG 1:28
yesss i saw u harry!!!
yay new Battlefield
finally after a series of mindless movies in recent years from Hollywood we have Christopher back again ...to make of our mind function again
Everyone is excited about harry styles while I'm over here excited about CILLIAN
like si fuiste aqu???? por killer crepper55
Bendito segundo 46 ????????Grite cuando vi a Harry ?????€??€? Ya quiero ver la pel????cula se ve buen????sima!
another masterpiece incoming by the great Christopher Nolan.
Yand???? buralar ?????€??? Harry ??????
Nolan is genius. He is the most skilful director world've ever seen
Welcome back, Mr. Nolan!
Christopher Nolan and Tom Hardy? No trailer needed, just take my money.
Why in the fuck is Harry Styles in this fucking movie the faggot? He clearly has connections. This is probably how it went- "I can get you into Christopher Nolan's new movie if you like. Would you like that?" "Oh yes please!"
"The comments I read are mostly:

 - People fawning over Harry Styles
 - People telling people fawning over Harry Styles to shut the fuck up.
 - ""Battlefield 1.""

 I don't know what to feel."
Is someone else proud of Harry? ????????€??????????
I'm really looking forward to watching that awesome movie! I don't like war movies (except Spielberg's) but that's special
another masterpiece on the way from nolan???????????????? harry fangirls hav no idea wth is this???????€????????€?
I am excited to see Mark Rylance in the film. He is brilliant
Omg I'm so excited to see the movie!!! I know HARRY is going to be amazing!!?????????????????????????€???????????????????????????????
HARRY MADE IT TO THE TRAILER YAAS FINALLY CHRISTOPER NOLAN'S DIRECTING SKILLZ THOUGH
oh my god im in tears
As much as i'm sceptical about the casting of Styles i see that its actually a bold move from Nolan it will attract more viewers and help Harry to push for acting so he can be seen as a more serious actor rather than a clit twinching material for horny girls anyway the movie looks good Nolan is a god and soundtrack already gave me shivers!
So Fresh. So Clean. I love Christopher Nolan & Hans Zimmer
Awe Harry ?????€??€?
Just cant wait for this !!
same
HARRY BABY
Thumbnail reminds me of the poster for Star Trek Into Darkness
Now rip replay button.
Brits are cowards, americans would have made a last stand and die with honor.
Is it going to release in India?
"Two groupes of persons are here:
 1) I love Harry
 2) I hate Harry
 nothing between"
ASDFGGHJKL HAAAAARYYYY
Save me from all the Harry Styles comments, please.
I CAN'T WAIT!
what? no American hero saving the day in this one?!
So, Gilderoy Lockhart wasn't faking the stories from his books?
???????????????????????? ???€??????€??? ???????????€????€??? ???€??????€??????€??????€??????€??????€??????€???
heavy breathing AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HARRY MY SON
Kinda want Harry Styles' character to die
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Only the dead have seen the end of war.
Nolan ? Doubtless .
so.... harry's gonna die. interesting
Finally. An awesome war movie!
HARRY BABY
WHERE'S THE OSCAR
S???? eu q toda parte q o Harry aparecia eu tava um BERRO? Hau
This trailer brings that feeling of no criticism but shows excellence!
Yaaaaaaasssssss!!!!! ???????????????????????????????????????????????????
ugh god all of the cancerous fangirls who are going to see this movie just to fawn over harry styles
wht's wrong with being excited to see Harry in the movie? If you don't care, don't reply to the comments about Harry then
Holy shit! Theyre showing 7 minutes of it in front of rogue one
All right, i've always been a big fan of world war movies and stuff like that, and when i saw that Harry was going to be at the movie i screamed. But i'm sure that if Harry wouldn't be at the movie, i would watch it anyways
Let me just make my mark ???????€?
brace yourselves ! the one direction fans are coming !!! this movie is going to be a masterpiece !!
When the 1D fan girls watch the movie ..
omggg me muerooooo ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
"The movie is awesome! Great actors and it seems like is going to be an interesting movie...
 but Harry... baby... ????????
 just love it!"
AAAAAAAAAAAAFUGIHOUTFIHFUVIOGFUVIUFFUGIDUFIIGF7F7HARRYGOGOIXYFGI????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
battlefield 1 dlc?
Looks awesome. All that's left for Nolan is to do a comedy/family film and animation then he'll be regarded as an all round great director. Can't wait for this.
Gods! Nolan,thanks!
If only it had Captain Tom Hank.
HARRY EDWARD STYLES, THE FUCK. HOLY SHIT
When you're early in a trending video but don't know what to comment.
1:20 John Locke?
jizz in my pants.
PG13 war movies suck, hope its R
1:47 Is that the sound of Harambe falling from the Heavens?!
aaahhh.. harry u are killin it ????????
the clock ticking sound from 0.09 to 0.26.. ?????€????????????????€??????????? same as no time for caution
It isn't a WWII film trailer without "EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
HARRY MI AMOR
Looks incredible.
"to my dear fellow 1D fans and Harry-Girls, please respect Harry as an artist and an actor :) we're all very excited for him to be in this movie, but don't embarass him on here ;)
 to all the others: please understand that we're all VERY excited for Harry to take this big step and be in this movie! we're just freaking out a bit because we're very proud of him :) please don't talk shit about One Direction and say stuff like you want Harry to die in the movie. he fought for this role, so he deserves it :)"
"I'm just imagining all the One Direction fangirls screaming when they saw Harry in the trailer and their reaction when he'll appear in the movie
 (R.I.P. my future ears...)"
"I like some of Nolan's work but he tends to work with great talent that tends to overshadow the flaws in his directing. Get him to bring great performances out of mediocre actors like a Kristen Stewart and then we can start considering him a great director.

 Does he direct movies that are great stories? sure
 Does he direct films with amazing actors in them? sure
 Does he direct films that have great composers attached to them? sure
 But that doesn't make him the best director, it just means he works with a lot of talented people.
 He can write some good poetic treatments(his stories tend to flow like a poem), but he can also write shitty screenplays, TDKR and The Prestige are proof enough of this.
 We know he sucks at directing action, again, look at the Batman films.

 I do feel his style would actually be an amazing fit for the Star Wars franchise but I doubt he will ever choose to join in on that hype train."
IM SHOOK HARRY SHOULD WIN AN OSCAR
Wow, I am so early! Great to be here! :)
HOLY SHITTTTTTTT *
AAAAAAAAAHHHH SO EXCITEEED
This movie will tell how coward was England. ... and how powerful was France...
HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY
HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY
Imma say it ... Harry Styles!!! So excited.
#innolanwetrust
Don't drown Harry!
i can't believe this is actually real i'm so excited
so many fucking 1D cucks here
i saw it on my notification and i hit it as fast as i can and then i like this and start watching it.. becoz i m a nolan fan!
JARVIS!!
Harry's acting has actually very impressed me in this trailer. It's impossible to tell it's his first movie. But then again, Nolan wouldn't have cast him if he wasn't impressed as well. All those condescending comments that are wishing him death are quite frankly pathetic and childish.
Harry is so handsome Omg
OMG
I will be watching this because of Nolan, Hardy and Zimmer.
people that are hating on Harry can honestly shut up, it's Christopher Nolan that casted him and he did that for a reason, don't doubt his greatness smh
Im not physically, mentally or emotionally prepared for this movie
cillian and tom????????????????
one day we will see those movie where Nazis got suffered.
Wow, this film is racist.... Where are all the black, Hispanic and Asian actors? What? That wouldn't be historically accurate? Well..... History and Accuracy are Racist too!!!
Look on views and refresh the page and look again.
Only here for fucking harry styles
Spoiler Alert : Harry styles dies in the film ..drowning in the sea LMAO!!!!
Why Harry's appearance is so less ?
Can't wait! I really hope they also show french soldiers covering the retreat... especially now when we see what is happening in political Europe. Working together instead of splitting up!
HARRYY
TOM HARDY DESERVED MORE SCENES
This moment when the man decides to swim the sea by himself rather than hopelessly die is really really strong scene. if i understood it correctly
in nolan we trust
this is gonna be one of the best films of 2017
AYE HARRAY
harry get yo ass off the water baby ???????€????????€?
Cillian needs more recognition, he's such a great actor. Seeing Harry there among all these amazing actors and in a Nolan film made me so proud :')
Ah this looks amazing! <3
Damn ! This will Be dope ! Great to see Some Unique genre War movie These days Instead of some Shitty Romantic , and superhero movies . Nolan and Hans Zimmer ' You guys are The real Duos Of this era of cinemas
Anyone else fangirling over Cillian murphy, fantastic actor and such a sound,humble bloke also
I watched it before it started trending.
orgasm...
okay not gonna lie I was only here to see Harry but I learned about Dunkirk in class recently and so now I'm genuinely curious bc it was really interesting and now I can't wait for this movie
All I wanna say is AMEM HARRY STYLES??????????????????????
"why are some people so butt hurt if we are watching the trailer and would freak out bc of Harry? Of course we would. we are his fans.
 but then again, thinking about the movie, we already know that it's going to be a great one given that it's produced by Christopher Nolan. Regardless of the fact the Harry is there, we would still watch it. Stop calling us fans ""crazies"" just bc most of us are dominating the comments section. stop being so bitter and support the movie all you want. just dont insult us, the fans or Harry. Christopher Nolan picked him for a reason. again, this will be a great movie and it won't be just about Harry. hope everyone enjoyed the trailer as much as I did."
"Nolan will deliver a movie on par with saving private ryan.
 Maybe even better!"
ai meu cara????ao melhor filme
I can't see Harry more. why he's so less !!??
Judging from the comments,the haters are more immature than the directioners ???????€????????€????????€?
S???? moz????o Harry msm pra me fazer ir no cinema pra assistir um filme sobre a guerra ' BR curte '
Who all are seeing this for Harry Styles
Looks fucking amazing!
Nolanites rises!!
casting Harry is the only bad thing about this...everything else seems EPIC
This is my most anticipated movie of 2017, I'm sick of superhero movies
Harry Styles ruins it for me
Gay
OH MY GOS HARRY
All kneel to captain NOLAN
i think harry styles sung this movie a song
OMG So proud of harry ????????????????????????????
real life battlefield 1 guyss!!
harry you better not die in this movie
"Really sad to see how uneducated some people are in the comments. First of all, this isn't WW1, it's obviously WW2, Dunkirk was a very important part of WW2.

 Learn shit, it's important. Also, fuck Harry Styles."
se va a estrenar en julio no?
"well..i was gonna watch this movie only for harry earlier..
 but now i got interest...looks like it's a good movie on an undoubtedly amazing subject!!"
WHEE IS HIS OSCAR YOU KNOW EHO IN TALKINF ABOYT
Epic written all over it!
Christopher Nolan knows how to make a good fucking trailer
He esperado demasiado para esto
HARREEEEH!!!
do anyone see harry?????
11,000 dead, 40,000 captured, 50,000 lost vehicles, 9 destroyers and 145 aircraft.... and the British consider it a victory....
it's just full but I can't see harry in pain
"What? You mean they've actually made a full length feature film in honour of the bravery of the British armed forces ??

 They haven't done that since 1969 and the Battle of Britain."
"Can't Summer come sooner?





 I mea that seriously Im freezing here in NY and it's only gonna get worse."
I'm really just here for Harry Styles
Monsters.
i'm watching this movie not just bcs it has harry styles in it, it's a good movie Nolan is a great person and i kinda am sad knowing that most of the "directioners" fandom will watch it just because harry is in it, i mean you came to see a story/history transformed into a motion picture not look at your favorite artist playing a character
dunryt!
looks good
trailer was so great,then "from Christopher Nolan" pops out. oh no doubt it was
Music , please?
and thats a nolan's film?????€????????€????????€???
I'm not convinced this is a Christopher Nolan movie until I see Michael Caine.
I'd preferred Harry Styles out of this movie, not because he's a bad guy, not at all, but because the majority of his fan girls are going to make me fucking kill myself. While this movie is showing the tragedy and near miraculous escape of the BEF and French forces from Dunkirk, while 50,000 men lay as casualties, either captured or killed, those fucking fan girls are going to go crazy when they Harry Styles, and will set on their phone taking snaps when he isn't on screen.
Save Harry he is drowning
I'm no Harry Styles fan but I don't see how it's a problem for certain people if they watch it because of him? They're his fans and are celebrating his debut as an actor.I get it you hate his guts just because he comes from a "boyband" and this clearly shows that you're the immature one spending your time bad mouthing someone you don't even like.Stop worrying about the directioners and grow the fuck up
"I love what I'm seein, but I can't help but beeing a little let down by the trailer itself. It didn't have a climax, you know?
 But the movie looks amazing!"
OMG HARRYYYYYYY JARDSJFSAJTE???€?KHGSS
when you curious about the comment just want to see "harry" fans :)
HARRY LOOKS AMAZING OMG ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Looking really good!
Thank you Christopher Nolan, you made my birthday even better.
That's how you beat the shit out of UK.
I see Christopher Nolan i press like ???????€?
hit like if you are watching this trailer again and again
Fuck Harry Styles I hope he gets blown to shreds by a Stuka Bomber but before he should cry and shit his pants when he hears the sirens
PUTANGINA MGA BES SI HARRY SYET
That soldier walking into the sea
FINALLYYYYYYYY 0:47 AND 1:39 LITERALLY HAD ME SCREAMING MY VOCAL CHORDS OUT
I'm gonna watch this trailer again and again until this movie gets out
i love christopher nolan movies. but why you dimmed the sun so much ? i hate that new trend in movies .. look at 0:14 where the fucking sun ? gonna watch this movie any ways but that triggered me
OH MY HARRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY <3.
Oh Nolan, you beauty.
???????????€??????????????????????????????????????????????????..
Casting Harry Styles was a mistake. Reason : this comments section.
"???????????€??????????????????? ???????????????????????? ???????????????????????? ?????€??????????????????€??????????????????€??????? ?????????????????€????????????€? ?????????????????€??????€??????€? ?????€????????€???
 ???????????€???????"
ARGHGHGHGHHHGGH FU
Christopher Nolan knows how to make a film.
This trailer looks kinda sterile. No colors, whatsoever, thats bothering me much.
"Thanks the Frenchs for save the ass of the fleeing British.

 Of course, no French in the screen. It is an American movie. Don't shoke them..."
Nolan pls direct something DC related. They need you to fix everything they've broken
Harry is AN AMAZING ACTOR,I CAN TELL JUST FROM THE TRAILER. IM DEAD.
Omg!! I'm really looking forward to see this movie
Maaaaaaaaan i am so hyped for this movie <3 Nolan is the best director in this era <3 cant wait to see Cillian Murphy & Tom Hardy together again
dont kill harry styles here pls
"Were was that smiling man that ruined the teaser?
 I just started to like him...."
wow wow wow
i can't wait!!
HARRY
if harry dies get ready for the III world war
???? ???? ???????????????€?!!
this movie feels realy cool and speciale
Nolan x Hans Zimmer = Orgasm
YAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSS!!!
Can't wait
bullshit
IM DEAD
Harry screaming while drowning just relieved my stress, my skin is clear, my bank account is in the green, my life is on a better path
I came to watch this trailer because of Harry , I am dying to see him even a second ...
Looks boring.
this trailer ain't enough for me bro
Nolan : The Great
We dont brag about having Nolan as a film maker in this generation enough. Cherish him <3
HARRYYYYYY????????????????????????????????????????
film yg wajib nonton
Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy together at it again, that in combination with Nolan and Zimmer. Perfect
this seems to be an interesting war movie, but i still can't get over from hacksaw ridge, it's really beautiful.
Christopher Nolan + hans zimmer= masterpiece????????????????????????
OMGOMGGOMG I SCREAMED SO HARD WHEN IT COMES TO HARRY.
Proud of my son
the moment when you notice Harry styles
I've watched it seven times already... Can't wait to watch the movie more than just seven times!!!!!
The dark knight (rises) and inception legend ????????????????????????
this is goin t be a great movie! can't wait
?????????????????????
I came for the English Boy
"HARRY STYLES, MY SON i am sobbing

 also, YAY CHRISTOPHER NOLAN"
"Directed by Christopher Nolan"- the only marketing needed.
Can't w8 to watch #HarryStyles on big screen.... Love him so much.... ????????????????????????
Screw the Academy if they ignore this one too. Nolan, people's favourite. Favourite Genre: World War, History, Favourite Director: Nolan. Oh and the Cinematography, The greatness of Mr. Nolan every two years :')
That's what happens when a movie director plays Battlefield 1 :D
I'M LITERALLY CRYING
SE O PERSONAGRM DO HARRY MORRER EU VOU GRITAR TANTO NO CINEMA QUE AT???€? ELE VAI OUVIR L???? EM LONDRES
omg HARRY STYLES ????????
Awwwww Harry!
"I screamed when I saw Harry is in this movie!





 what have we done to deserve that?!"
harry!!!!!!!! mano eu vou ver essa filme.
Tom Hardy is freaking awesome, Harry Styles is looking great. But in the end Hans Zimmer stole the show.
Harry style be getting killed in the very beginning
0:47 is that guy from OneD
yo estoy aqu???? por harry ahre ???????€?????????
I don't like Harry at all, but seeing him in this trailer does make me respect him. He does look like he's got what it takes to be in a a picture like this. It's Nolan's casting after all, he never disappoints.
Its simple... I see Tom Hardy I click (.__.)
Hail Nolan! l Nolan! Hail Nolan! Hail Nolan! Hail Nolan!
hope Harry style gets killed
Cilian Murphy and Tom Hardy :)
that's my boy at 0:48
First trailer looked better, this one looks more like typical emotional WWII fare
When it's a Nolan's flim, just go watch it
I just wish people would still be interested in this movie even if Harry wasn't in it, and I'm a 1D fan, so don't be getting all offended. Plus, you know, you still can get interested in a movie like this even if a guy from one of your favourite bands isn''t in it.
NOLAN IS THE BEST
Most awaited finally delivers greatest movie by NOLAN????????????????????????????????
Feel the magic @1:29
This looks fantastic. Can't wait for this Movie to come in theatres yasssss
Shit ! Tom Hardy in a plane with a mask.
IN BEFORE 100,000 VIEWS, YEAAAAA
when y'all didn't even know who Christopher Nolan was until he put that white boy from 1d in his first war movie LOL I'm laughing
July 21 ????????
"MAMA WEO!!!

 Es aqu???? cuando te preguntas ????????POR QU???€? CO???€?O NO PONEN M????S ESCENAS DE LA DIVAZA!? ????????QU???€? NO PIENSAN!? ????????ESO HAR????A QUE M????S PERSONAS QUIERAN VERLA, MAMA WEO!!"
???€????????€????? ???€??????? ?? ???? ?????????? ???€????? ???? ?? ???????€????????€????????? ???€????€????????? ???????????????????????€???????????
HARRY ?????€???
I'm here for Tom Hardy, who else?? ?????????????????
Can't wait to see this!
i hope harry styles dies a horrible death
2017 will not be good for my wallet
Is tom hardy a German pilot in this?
I'm here for HARRY STYLES
I HAVE FUIJMOIN GOOSEBUMPS
Welcome, 1st hour viewers!
INSANEEEE
Anyone Here Before 1million views??? ?????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?
0:20 The world engine sound from MAN OF STEEL!!!!
That looks promising. Still, such a sharp change of course - from fantasy-driven movies to war drama - that's risky.
I think the name of the director is enough for this movie no trailer needed
ayy papi Nolan is back with another EPIC!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa m screaming????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????this is gonna be a hell of ride. this is driving me crazyyyyyyyy can't wait. Harrrrreeeeeeeeehhhh??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Harry styles 3 3
DAMN HARRY STYLES ????????????????
Harry Styles ?????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???
Harry <3
This looks amazing oh my god
HARRYY
I will watch this Movie because of Christopher Nolan not Harry Styles
"???€? ???€? ???? ???? ?????
 ???€?
 ????
 ????
 ?????"
Holy shit im so hyped!
Why is harry in it? That guy can barely sing good acting is more far-fetched.
You do you. Don't feel bad for coming here to see Harry, or coming here and watch it bc you actually like the movie. Nobody can judge you by your preferences :)
Seeing those Spitfires gave me goosebumps. Been waiting so long for a war film from the British perspective. Nolan won't let me down, he never has.
harry styles ????????????????????????
my bb??????????????????????????????
am i the only one smelling oscaaarrs and bestt director the cast is just so talented l
Right! Stalingrad and the Eastern front had nothing to do in 'shaping our history'.
TOM HARDY??
I choked when I saw his face
First!
can't waittttt!!?????€???????????????????????????
G E N I U S
HARRY OMGGG ????????????????????????
I'm here cause it's a christopher nolan movie and cause his movies are amazing, I love them so much (Especially The Dark Knight, Inception and Interstellar), but I'm also very curious about Harry Styles' acting skills
I will probably watch this because of Harry Styles.
I'm not the biggest fan of war movies, but I'll watch anything Chris Nolan puts out, so I'm pretty excited to see this!
it's a shame ppl will hate in harry for being in a band and completely disregard his acting skills
Where is My Cocaine?!
so excited for this!
when i saw harry i literally slipped and hit my knee
Uh guys, Harry Styles would not be in the film if Nolan didn't want it. The last thing he would want is the apparent boyband stigma attached to his film. So maybe, just maybe appreciate the trailer and ignore your so called annoying fangirls? Thanks :)
can someone give harry an Oscar ? bec. he deserves it ???????????????? ???????????€???
Like si lloraste cuando pasaron las tres escenas de *HARRY*????????????????????????????????????????????????
It's sad how many people don't know the difference between WW1 and WW2
Am I the only one who felt nothing special about this trailer?
Harry omg !!!!!!!!!
I'm actually intrigued to see how Harry Styles is as an actor tbh. He was picked by Nolan, so surely that means something. He could be an amazing actor, you never know.
Feeling Proud and lucky to wait for 24 hours for this and finally be one of the very very very few people ( only 2.4k watched the trailer in dunkirk live ) who watched the trailer first time :D WE TRUST IN NOLAN . PROUD TO BE A NOLAN FAN <3 <3 <3 . #Nolan #ChristopherNolan
I am a man of a simple taste......whenever I see the name of Nolan.....I simply click on it....
OMG, me estoy desmayando, en serio.
Please tell me they did not put Jericho trumpets on every plane...
i came here because of harry but this movie has a beautiful story behind. x
omg!!!!! harry harry harry
"Did anyone see Leonardo DiCaprio and Joseph Gordon-Levitt ?

 There I just did inception on You!, Now you're thinking about it.!

 Hahahaha!, you just can't help it, can you?"
I really can't wait for summer 2017
???€????€????????? ???€????€?????????
YES
I LOVE NOLAN
In Nolan We Trust
FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKJSHEHSJJSJSS M INTEARS HAARRY YOY WANNA KILL ME FUCKKK
HARRY
Better than Furious 8
will it be rated R though?
OMGGG HARRY STYLES
OMG????????????????
I CANNOT EXPRESS HOW FREAKING EXCITED I AM ABOUT THIS OMG FINALLY A NEW NOLAN MOVVVIIIIEEE
This looks intense yet so good.
came here for Harry Styles but stayed because this movie looks awesome
gilderoy lockhart before he joined hogwarts xD
Who else is seeing Rogue One in a theater showing 7 minutes of Dunkirk before it starts?
AKA Saving Private Harry Styles
???€??????€????????€? ?????????? ?????? ???????????€? ???€??????????????? ???????????????€??€??????? ???€????????€??????? ???€??????€??€??????????€??? ???€???.
".May be sometimes santa disappoints but christopher nolan sir won't !! #merrychristmas
 -> christopher noaln sir reduced the work of santa by giving dunkrik as a gift for millions of people out there !!!"
OH GOD I CANT WAIT TO SEE THIS MOVIE ESPECIALLY HARRY AANDBSFNNF MY BABY ACTING ????????????????????????????????
Anything with the name Nolan on it has my money in its mouth
harryyy meee amorrr
"WHO'S HERE FOR HARRY STYLES!!!
 guess no one haha???????"
Under 50k views club!
One Directioners GTFO!
What a phenomenal trailer. Wow.
Am i the only one who screamed when I saw Harry????????€?
a stuka siren sound when its a me109 being chased by a Spit.........
I never felt this excited about a fucking movie
idk why but reminded me of titanic.I want this movie to get famous and stuff but i still want it to be my lil gem haha.I was waiting before harry annouced that he's gunna act in this and when i got even more pumped
the director who shaped the cinematic world
SENTI O IMPACTO
That's Oscar material right there.
I still prefer a movie like Inception or Memento or any other Nolan movies though.. Will be great for sure but still about a war...
Best Picture 2018 confirmed.
Feels like the same actors recycled in the Nolan movies.
* closes eyes and mouths f_ck yes *
Everyone is so mad that Directioners are here to support Harry, they're going to bring free publicity to the movie and Nolan? Maybe Harry will be a good actor? No need for unnecessary hate
People saying Zach Snyder is better than Christopher Nolan? Are you for real?
I smell Oscars!!
"mi bebe Hazza
 increible proyeccion
 sera una pelicula fantastica"
IS 1:53 HAROLD????????????
woah it looks great!!
Nazi Germany > United Kingdom + France
rename it as christopher nolan"s 2017 film .
Going to be a major contender for Best Picture next year. And hopefully Cillian Murphy gets the recognition he deserves.
I love harry styles. I love Christopher Nolan. I love Cilian murphy . And I have read so much bout the Dunkirk evacuation. Cant WAIT TO WATCH THE MOVIE!!!!
I'm directioner and I can't breath
"this is going to be a EPIC movie.
 the acting of the actors are great and I mean ALL the actors not just Harry.
 I'm really looking forward to watch it."
HARRYYYYYY
Trailer was bad , but i'm sure the movie will kick ass
finally a war movie
Nice.
HARRY EDWARDS STYLES YOU'RE PERFECT
I cannot fucking wait.
When you are too early for next trending video
My precious baby Harry, so proud of him ?????€????????€????
ORGAN INTENSIFIES
I know this will be amazing, Nolan never disappoints
MY BABY SON, PROTECT HARRY AT ALL COSYS
Nolan is GOD
Those people fan girling over you know who. I'm having a fanboy moment over the fact that they got Mk 1 Spitfires in this film for accuracy. That formation though @ 1.54! Shame about the Bouchon Me109 but got to work with what you got.
There isn't a single woman in this trailer!
And the Oscar for best picture of 2017 goes to...
great trailer ?????????
seems crappy
Song name PLS!!!????
This is going to be another masterpiece from Nolan ????????
HARRYYYYY
I love it????????????????????????????????????
As usual, there is so much to see in the trailer yet not a single revealing plot point. Perfect way to make trailers
hans zimmer you are best
this is soo good and I can't wait to see itt
you are looking at the next summer blocbuster \m/ \m/ In Nolan we trust!!!
"I wasn't ready.
 I wasn't ready
 I WASNT READY
 I. WASNT. READY."
"You can practically see it from here...
 what?
 ...me losing my cool!! proceeds to jump up and down"
THIS LOOKS FUCKING AWESOME
One shot of Tom Hardy for the whole trailer, from what I saw and hes a pilot. I wonder how big his role in the movie actually is? Can't wait for this. Should be incredible.
THIS MOVIE LOOKS AMAZING. I'M SO EXCITED FOR A REALLY GOOD WAR MOVIE.
This movie looks amazing! Christoper Nolan is a genius. And I'm really excited to see harry's debute in cinema. I'm sure he's gonna do well and people who are not fan of him should give him a chance. Christopher Nolan chose him for a reason.
Looks so fucking good man
Well... Sorry but this looks very boring.
AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I CRIIIII I CANT WAIT FOR THIS MY BABYYY HARREH. ???????€????????€????????€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€??????€??€?
DIRECTIONERS are you here ?????????
I hope Nolan utilized Branagh's acting skills. His character looks a little too one dimensional based on the trailer.
NOLAN IS A GENIUS!
????????????????????????????????????????harry??????
I wanted to see more action ????????
hi directioners
Great, but didn't floor me like the Interstellar trailers did.
Where are the Americans? :/
I really don't care that Harry is in this. This film is by Nolan, that should be enough to watch it first day first show.
nolan magic . looks awesome
You could probably tell it was nolan just from the look of it and the way he puts a shot together - that imax flm he uses makes the picture gorgeous as well - even on youtube is got looks lush. proper cinema - dead excited
When I see Harry:AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
QUE SE AHOGA HARRY BEBE , TE SALVO bue me calmo, ME ENCANTO QUE FUERTE
Mannn.. Finally the wait is over, a WW movie after Saving Private Ryan from the legend himself. #NOLAN #Epic
????stad ne yapt????n yav. boynuma dola nolaan reyiiis
"Thomas Shelby!!!!
 wt r u doin out of Birmingham??"
The music is so unique when it starts at 1:30, HANS ZIMMER STOP IT! LOOKS INCREDIBLE
I was here for only Harry but the story is in my interests so I'm gonna search it
harry styles
I BET 80% OF THE CINEMAS AND THEATERS WILL JUST BE A BUNCH OF FANGIRLS
ALL HAIL KING NOLAN
harry ?????€????????€????????€???
Welcome to Christopher Nolan's "Saving Private Ryan". This is going to be amazing on so many different levels! #InNolanWeTrust
Meh, does absolutely nothing for me, looks not engaging or interesting at all :/ Plus, a pg13 warmovie... meh again.
the only scum in this movie is harry focking styles
Rated PG-13. Thanks, no
I dunno what beef y'all have with Harry. Yes we are excited for him but that doesn't mean that we all are what you portray us to be. We all have been researching bout the movie, bout the history and a lot of us are history students ourselves so probably a lot of us by now know more than you bout Dunkirk. So STFU and stop trying to undermine Harry and us.
MY BABY
Harry is so pretty in this ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I need the soundtrack right now :)
AAHH my son is in here
I think Harry Styles's going to deliver a pretty impressive performance. Scenes he is in are looking great.
OMFG HARRY IM SHOUTIMG JFJFJE
yoooo!! directioners wake up!!!
Rivetting.!
The trailer itself is so emotional ???????? I don't think I'll be able to watch whole of the movie ???????????????? btw the scene where Harry was drowning OMG that part broke me ????????????????
?????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€????????€???
Kenneth Branagh is in a WWII movie and he is not playing a Nazi? Madness!
"I m gonna watch this movie all because of Nolan and Hans Zimmer..
 ."
shit i'm so excited ?????????????€??€????????????????????????????
This movie is gonna be sooo EPIC!! and I am not just saying that coz Harry is gonna be in it. Anything by Christopher Nolan is a masterpiece.
Hans Zimmer will make the score ?!?!
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!!
So, Tommy Shelby fought in WW I and he ALSO fought in WW II? That's crazy!
Looks good.
harry
???????????????? :3
im harry-girl but actually harry is not as important for me there as though it would be. (keep calm harry-girl 'cause harry is not main character and there are many really incredible actors) It is interesting and intriguingly. waiting for second trailer.
"I AM SHOOK.
 YOU ARE SHOOK.
 THE FANDOM IS SHOOK.
 THE WORLD IS SHOOK.
 THE ENTIRE GODDAMN UNIVERSE IS SHOOK."
OOOOOOMMMMGGGGGG HARRRYYYY
This was filmed 10 minutes from my house :)
Nolan, the best of them all :)
HARRY DROWNING THO
of course I'll be watching this bc of harry, but the story itself actually does seem very intersting hmm
Fena de????il sankim... mutlu elektrikteyken bir not d????????im buraya! ;)
Yo solo vine a ver si salia mi hijo, bai
Harry motherfuckin styles
1:47 is that Tom Hardy?
I CAN'T WAIT!!HAJBDJWHDB ???????????????who's coming to watch with meh????????€????????€?
Christopher Nolan directing a war film I'm sold.
PROUD IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT
Have I just seen an Spanish Buch????n as a Me 109 at 1:00? Please tell me I'm wrong.
harryyyy!!!!take care I'll call Louis to protect you!!!wait!!!!
Why am I hearing World engine noises from Man of Steel in Dunkirk? Looks fantastic. Well done Mr Nolan, again.
OMFG!!! CHRISTOPHER, HANS, TOM AND HARRY!!! #EPIC #Venezuela
HARRY TE AMO LA CONCHA DE MI HERMANA
AMG MY BABY IM CRYING SO PROUD OF HARRY <3
MY FROG SON
Cool
This looks so good! Christopher Nolan is the best director of this era! Although not enough Tom Hardy in this trailer and too much Harry Styles???????€?
Is this a story about how he becomes the BFG?
yeah!!! Tom Hardy
Proud of Harry ???????
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#Oscar for Nolan and Hans
No doubt Harry Styles will be decent, Nolan obviously chose him for a reason and its not his singing
the thing im most excited about this movie is the dogfight with Spitfires, bloody love them Spits
For God's sake, can everyone stop disrespecting Harry, judging One Direction fans and just ADMIRE THIS BEAUTY OF A TRAILER.
I'm here because I want to see Harry :D
Well when DC fails, you just gotta pull Nolan right back in.
Hope.
it looks awesome though reminds of saving private Ryan's Epic battle scenes..
I have no idea who here harry is. is that bad
OMG, Harold
ai mds Harry ta lindo ????????
Oh shit! Tom Hardy in a plane again. Not gonna end well again.
oh boy oh boy - that mark rylance is bloody great isn't he
masterpiece is here
Very Nolan-y.
EXCITED AF FOR THIS
HARRY DROWNING AT 1:53 ,, NO
Dead!
yes so what if we're excited for Harry? We excited for the movie too! so stop hating on us and mind your own business
FUCK YEAAAHHH! THE (LIVING) MOVIE GOD IS BACK <3
Leave your prejudices.And watch unbiased. Can you say that Harry Styles is acting bad? You do not even have proof for that.Because we did not watch the movie. Do not hate it in vain.
YAY!!!!!!!!!!! IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS!!!!!
This looks like it's gonna be so dope in theaters
"Whenever I watch a Nolan movie I can count on 3 things:
 1.- Hans Zimmer's awesome soundtrack
 2.- Cillian Murphy
 3.- Michael Caine
 This movie delivers two out of three.
 Fingers crossed for a Caine cameo at the end on the usual twist ending on which they show us scenes that we didnt analyze closely the first time around."
extra-ordinary
???????? ???????? . ???????????? ???????????? ???????????????????€? ???????€????????????????? ???? ???????€?????????????????????? ???????? ????????????????????????? ...
whats with all the ww2 movies lately? is this hinting on the upcoming ww3?
the background heart beat is saying like: "Dun-kirk - Dun-kirk Dun-kirk" XDD
"Hands down the worst cinematography I've seen for a war movie. And what's with the dull and pale palette.

 Shame his fans can't see through the sheer incompetence."
There go my nipples again.
DEAD BYE
this looks freaking amazing.. and damn Spitfires are sexy.
Nolan!!!
"As somebody who enjoyed Nolan's last film ""Interstellar,"" the trailer for ""Dunkirk"" looks very promising for the film itself.
 I'll definitely look forward to it when it hits theatres in 2017."
omg that one guy looks like they guy with the long hair in that boy band one lemecron or somthing. does he have a brother?
OMFG
where is my tom hardyyyyyyy
This looks bomb tbh
S?? H?? O?? O?? K
who comes here for Harry Styles..
Why is it a problem that Harry is an actor in this movie. I just dont get it. If there is a trailer released of any mcu movie i'm not like "Oh my god i hope RDJ dies early in this movie" what the fUck
Oh no! That One Direction guy is drowning!
???????????€????????? ???€????€??????????????!
Harry u cute and sexy beast ????????????????????????????????
BREAK THE REPLAY BUTTON
Gibson > Nolan
Christopher Nolan takes no L's.
"sir christopher nolan'S D U N K R I K ..feeling blessed..may be this is
  the way i have got my christmas present by SANTA (christopher Nolan)
  #trailer #repeatmode !!"
Looks like Nolan changed his style a bit..awesome
Can't wait for July!!!
?? ???????????????????? ???????????????€? ????????????????????????, ???????? ????????????????????????????????????????€?????
OMG! This looks fantastic! I can't wait to go see it. Harry looked hot asf in the trailer
Christopher Nolan movie excellent and invaluable historical, I respect you.
AHHHHHHGSHOWNEKSODNE XO YSISI TS WEKDODO
fifth harmony
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMG I LOVE EVERY SINGLE OF THIS TRAILER. ESPECIALLY MY HARRY STYLES.
Wow
Give Harry Styles his Oscar already.
anyone from India?
IM SHAKING
They had my money at "From Christopher Nolan"
Harry is fucking drowning, can someone just SAVE HIM ALREADY
Is that Dr.crane from batman?Where is alferd?
NOLAN AND SNYDER BEST MODERN DIRECTORS
My dream come true
OMG I'M SHAKING HARRY KILLED ME!!!!
"BRAVO NOLAN!
 R
 A
 V
 O

 N
 O
 L
 A
 N
 !"
OLHA O HARRY CACETAAAAAA
THIS IS AMAZING!!!! PURE GOLD!!!
I CAN SEE ALL THESE OSCARS COMING
this movie gonna be crazyyyy!!!!! i love it!??????
This is what you get when you do PG Private Ryan crossed with the melodrama of Pearl Harbour.
teamNolan
IM AHAKIMG
All I want from this movie is that pure fucking gold of a soundtrack from Hans Zimmer.
THIS IS THE BEST BIRTHDAY EVER THANK YOU GOD FOR THIS IM READY FOR HARRY STYLES ACTOR ERA
Christopher Nolan is God's gift of filmmaking
THIS LOOKS SIIIICCKKK CAN'T WAIT ???????€????????€????????€?
Will this be better than Hacksaw Ridge, though?
seeing all the coments makes me wanna don't go to see the movie
A Nolan movie with Murphy and Hardy.. This is fucking awesome
Tom Hardy? :D
2017 is gonna be one to remember.
OLHA O HARRY !!! ???????????????????????????????????
HARRY!!!
Super excited for the actual story line, not just Harry. Even though I do like him...
OMK...????????????????????????
This looks badass, honestly can't wait to watch it ?????€???
I AM SO SHOOK. WOW. 10/10. GIVE THAT BOY AN OSCAR,TONY,EMMY,AND GRAMMY FOR THIS TRAILER. OH WOW
The cast of this movie is off the wall - Mark Rylance, Tom Hardy, Kenneth Branagh, Cillian Murphy etc. Plus it's directed by Christopher Nolan!
This looks insane!!!
???????€????€????? ???????????? ???€????€? SaudiNerd ???€?????????????
Harry was drowning! ILL SAVE YOU SWEETIE
"vo v???? por causa do Harry
 mais mano que foda"
epic????????????????????????????????????????????????
aaaand Tom Hardy has more shit covering his face
Haaaaaaaarry! ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????€??????????????????????????????€???
amazing trailer.
IMAX THEATER WILL BE FULL NEXT YEAR.
Masterpiece
that one direction guy is an inhibiting factor.
OMG !!!!! Harry
wow Cyllian is in Anthropoid and dunkirk
Nolan direction is out of the world
Think of how many actors have trained for years and years, grinding their way through every possible shun and defeat of the harsh world of theatre and cinema in a hope of auditioning to star alongside the great actors of our age such as Tom Hardy in a film by the legendary Christopher Nolan, only to be denied the opportunity because the role was given to Harry Styles.
Finally a WWII movie without America
Here before it's trending
came here because my baby is playing
447th
MY SON IS AN ACTOR?????€??? I CAN'T WAIT
omg yeaaah so exciteeed
Christopher you did such an amazing job omg ???????? I actually can't wait to see the whole thing
Gear up folks for another emotional masterpiece !!
Song name ! Pleaseeee!!1:26
Nolan is going for Oscar.
harrryyyyyy!!!
looks really good. i can't wait to see the movie in IMAX
HARRY LOOKS SO GOOD
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA MEU FILHO HARRY
AAAAAAA PORRA QUE TRAILER FOI ESSE
"harry: *turns around*
 me: king of acting give him an oscar

 no but honestly this movie looks really good"
This movie looks beautiful
Looks stunning
Looks like Christopher Nolan out did himself again
I SEE YOU HARRY I SEE YOU
nobody literally notices the man of steel sound
This movie is going to be extremely emotional & Nolan's best till date...... #Vibes
I see Tom Hardy...I'll be watching this masterpiece
Nolan will make Cillian Murphy shine, IF IT'S THE LAST THING HE DOES.
brace yourself, this time he will hit harder, IN NOLAN, WE TRUST.
Trailer sounds wery bad
Zimmer zone?????€???????????????
you r expecting jl trailer but wb releases 2 trailers in 1day which doesn't have even a jl trailer
In Nolan,we trust....
God, so intense. I love war movies. Also, incredibly proud of our very own Harry. ?????€??? Can't wait for it.
I think the film is gonna be amazing but the trailer was just " meh "
Here comes the legend ???????? Christopher Nolan #Dunkirk awesome and interesting..!!! Gonna be a historical epic!!
damn good.. ?????€????????€???
Dream Team NOLAN!!!
A new chapter in the history of cinema is about to be written.
NOLAN + HANS ZIMMER = GREAT AND BEAUTIFUL MOVIE !
I'm a simple guy. I see Christopher Nolan, I click. And fap. And cum. I love Christopher Nolan.
Harry!!!!
omfg harryyyy
PG-13 ?
Harry!!!!!!!!??????????????????
Nolan/Zimmer/Hardy is just pure gold. Dunkirk, DCEU and Logan are my most anticipated movies for 2017.
finally a ww2 movie about someone who isnt American
OMGG HARRY??????????????
In Nolan we trust!
Magnifique !!!!
The man who created The Dark Knight trilogy can never disappoint guys... no matter what project he picks. I can't believe there were still doubters, too bad they're loud.
It's Pearl Harbor and Saving Private Ryan all over again
i love the director... and the actor who played scarecrow is fantastic
harry love you
"Nazis see the evacuation ships on the horizon
 Hitler: Uh, you don't get to bring friends."
Looks pretty awful
AI CARALHO MEU CUUUUUU !!!! J???? DIGO SE HARRY MORRER AFOGADO EU VOU MATAR TODO MUNDO
Where are the french soldiers, who saved the BEF by sacrificing their lives in fights to defend dunkirk ? i hope that Nolan did not forget them!
A lot of people will see it cause harry in it, they will be blinded and wont see the story behind it..
Fionn Whitehead is shown most out of all the boys in this I'd say?? So intrigued to find out more about the characters they're all playing!!
nolan, YOU'VE DONE AN AMAZING JOB!! can't wait to see the movie, the story really interests me. also excited to see harry in the movie hihi
Thomas Shelby's been having some flashbacks of war in France...
Look at my precious boy! I know he'll do just great! x
?????????????
THIS LOOKS INTENSE. I'VE BEEN WANTING TO WATCH IT. THE REASON WHY I WANT 2017 ALREADY
i can't wait for the movie!!!!!!
Trailer is sooo good and i am so proud of harry. Can't wait.
Epic
Hell yeah
I knew it was harry laying on that beach . O mg I'm so excited this looks so good . My little actor
IS THIS EVEN HAPPENING LIKE FIRST OF ALL HARRY STYLES LOOKS AMAZING AND SECOND OF ALL IM PRETTY SURE TOM HARDY WAS IN IT FOR 2 SECONDS BUT OML THIS IS GONNA BE GOOD
HARRY OMFG SHAHAHAH
The best thing ever. I can't wait.
I screamed so loudly when I saw Harry
Hi (i'm french) can someone tell me what the captain is saying at the end ? i dont understand.
in Nolan we trust
Looks amazing. You can never go wrong with Christopher Nolan.
Nolan: Master of Practical FX
This is gonna be awesome <3, Nolan ftw!
That's my boy, Hazz!!! I'm so proud! ?????€????
DEAD
Spoiler: They will make it home.
1st ...before it goes millions
99% of the comment section is filled with directioners. Am I proud or am I proud?
maravilhosoooooo
WOW!!!JUST WOW!!! Nolan's vision and the epic cinematography and the mind blowing visuals enriched with practical effects at it's best. All packed inside a WW survival movie base on true events. Can it be any more EPIC???
I really don't know what to say about this movie except PLEASE, PLEASE take all my money. Not sure if I got emotional over the movie or the fact that we are getting another Nolan film
Too much French in this trailer.
"Harry ......!!!!
 OMG....!!!!"
Dude, Nolan the best... <3
what a cast, Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy, Kenneth Branagh, Mark Rylance and he is kind of unknown but if you have seen Love/Hate and 71 Barry Keoghan is brilliant and I am curious to see Harry Styles
??????
MEU-DEUS-DO-C???€?U HARRY!
fUCJ
HAARRYY????
Forget about the cast, nm how controversial they are - this is a Nolan film, look at the fucking scenes, man.
The miracle at Dunkirk is finally coming to the big screen. Thank goodness!
Harry! ????????
LOOKS AMAZING
MEU DEEEEEEUS
If Harry dies in this movie I will cry
This movie is going to be so good!
Cilian Murphy looks great.
And the Best Picture winner is...
MARAVILHOSO INCR????VEL
Been waiting so long for this.
well that was a shit mundane trailer wasn't it
cant wait to see this in 70mm
I love the concept of this, Nolan you deserve the best
????????????????????-????????????????????
I'm so excited !!!
Harry so beautiful -
Harry ????????????????
Here before all the One Direction Fangirls come blow up this comment section talking about Harry Styles.
Nolan is my favorite director!
???????????€??????????? ????????????
I watched it live on Facebook. The last 10 minutes of the live stream with the intense heartbeat. It's just amazing
Harry looks ?????????????????????€????????€????????€???
I'm not ashamed to say that I cried???????€? my son an actor
well that was underwhelming
Bane?
Nolan is a god.
goosebumps
i only looking at for Harry.
Question, will their be a Harley Quinn and Joker mad love movie? Just asking. I WOULD LOVE TO SEE THAT.
i liked this trailer before even watching it
Nolan ??????
????????????? ???€??????????????? ?? ?? ????????????????????????????????????????????????
can't wait..
HARRY MAMAGUEVO T???? SABES NADAR TE LLEGAS A AHOGAR Y ALV TE MATO
HARRY STYLES >>>>>
I just had a Nolangasm :D
The ticking sounds in the beginning! Hans Zimmer is at it again!
Alright Alright Alright
Is this based on true story?
Anyone else who is here from fam 1D?
ESTOY TEMBLANDO
Steven Jewberg's Ryan will look like a bland & bloated burgerfest whilst this looks like a class act specifically because there's nothing classier than a British WW2 Soldier.
Battlefield 1 movie summer 2017.
Omg omg...sudden twist...didn't expect it today
Masterpiece
I just got a boner
Harry fucks me up every time
only Nolan can get people around the world to watch a 24 hour live stream of a beach and lead us to this. Bravo sir. Legend...
Those shots of the planes are going to look amazing when projected on 70mm IMAX.
A movie about the time we got rekt by Nazis?
IF MY FLOPPY LIL FUCKING SHIMMER DROWNS IMMA BE SOBBING LIKE SO MUCH
THIS LOOKS SO GOOD
Looks very good, Nolan does it again.
This movie and Paul Thomas Andersons new film with DDL are what I'm looking forward to see in 2017!
OH MY GOD. MY SON HARRY ??????
The best director and the best composer alive! Period!
?????????????????????????????????.
Talented as fuck
The trailer looks amazing, the music is amazing in the trailer as well. Both 10/10. Nolan does it again.
In a world filled with sequels, remakes, superheroes movies, stupid comedies and Kim Kardashian, Nolan saves us.
Lest we forget.
AND THE QUESTION IS how many times will I rewatch this tonight/until it comes out then !!!!!!!
to quote Michael Rosen this is NICe
The trailer is fucki*ng amazing ???????? and the story is soooo intresting... And Harryyyyyy good luck baby ??????
wow, that is plain horrible.
Too much CGI
Even before watching the trailer, you must know that Chris Nolan + Hans Zimmer = epic awesomeness I CANT WAIT
Hans zimmer adds the feel. Love the trailer. New benchmark for war movie is on the way.
OHMYGOD
"I hope Harry Styles dies very early in the movie.

 Edit: LOL so many triggered 1D fangirls."
Omg i cant wait
HARRY
Harry ?????€????????€???
Oscar sweep.
CHRISTOPHER NOLAN IS MY LORD AND SAVIOR PASS IT ON
f*cking chills, Nolan knows how to make damn great movies ans the trailers are just chills
I CANT WAIT
"Came Here for Nolan & Harry
 from India????????????????"
Hope is a weapon... survival is victory!!!
Nolan uses the same cast for every movie ! Batman triology , Inception and now this movie !
Holy shit!!!!!
Harry Styles !
Like number 1000?????€??????????€?
ALV AIUDA
I'm not really into war movies but it's gonna be nice to see Harry's acting also :) is it so bad if Harry's the reason to see this though, everyone has their own reasons hehe :P
Harry!
That moment when you're really early to a trending video.
Everytime Harry there I was screaming and crying! 1D love forever
ANOTHER CLASS FILM FROM CHRISTOPHER NOLAN
yes king Stgyles
A film by Christopher Nolan
This looks decent... I hope im wrong
I couldn't waiiiit
OMG....
Harry freaking Styles
El primer mexicano en ver esto omg es todo un logro ?????€???????????
"MY BABE HARRYYYY????????????????
 Really looking forward to see this movie ahh"
holy shit!!! this looks so epic!!!
HARRY OH MY GOD
Fuck muslims!!!
OMFG HARRY
Academy,u should nominate Nolan this time .don't play games..
OMG HARRY????????????????????????????????
I never clicked so fast
Ohh my god have been waiting for this trailer for so longggg......
NO MAMES
???????????????????? ????????????????????
Harry Styles
this is sooo amaziing!!!
Amazing!!!
Cant wait.
it's here!!!!
Beautiful.
HARRY????????????????????????????????????????????????
Nolan bless my life
Excited for this one????????
OMG! HE IS BACK WITH ANOTHER MASTERPIECE! THANK YOU, NOLAN
PROUD OF YOU HARRY
Christopher Nolan with Hans Zimmer is a perfect duo for a movie Tom hardy is just icing on the cake
Prevejo um Oscar
Beautiful
AM???€?M, HARRY STYLES E TOM HARDY
2-1 AFF
MY SON IS IN TGIS MOVIE AISMGSHAGAGA
I love it best trailer ever I cried I'm in tears I'm seriously going to watch this movie I love history and I love war and oh my gosh I am so going to see this movie this summer
Fantastic trailer. I hope Nolan is smart and he will kill off this one direction faggot so the rest of us MOVIE fans can enjoy this without being interrupted with horny teenage girls screaming when they see this idiot, be smart Nolan.
Nolan film. 2017. That's all.
I'M SO EXCITED
HOLY SHIT
ohhhh dios. Harry se ve tan hermoso.
Yes ???????????????????????????
I'm a huge Nolan fan. I have to say this is one of the best trailers. Top 3 for sure. Dunkirk is going to be one hell of a movie. Can't wait.
I'M SO READY
Why we have Harry Fucking Styles?
amazing cast amazing director amazing story amazing movie slay
omg i can't believe I waited 24 hours for this, it was worth it tho !!! that's how passionate the fandom is when it comes to the boys
Really interested to see what Harry Styles can do. I bet he's acc a really good actor
:49 Harry Styles ????????
Can't wait.
I hope it isn't just a Mr. Fischer deeper dream. :)
I'm crying I'm so proud
that looks amazing!!
Harry morre afogado? caraleo chamo o Louis para fazer respira????????o boca a boca
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Goddamit Nolan, you know how to film!!!
1st..Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
OMG I SAW HARRY DID YOU TOO
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
FUCK YOU -HARRY
A mix of Titanic and American Sniper
34th comment , looks nolastic
This. Looks. Amazing. Nolan, you've done it again.
i have a feeling that this movie gonna be a great one.
Omg omg omg
Is this ww2
Is Nolan the best director of our era?
???????????€????????? - ???€????€??????????????
Christ ! Christopher Nolan!?????????????€??????????????????????
Eita
HARRY STYLESDSSS
IM SUCH A PROUD MOM
Not first
nolan is genius
yes, best director ever. directing another movie i really anticipate. FUCK spiderman,gotg,and thor
I WAS HERE BEFORE 500 VIEWS
866th view
864th view!
And the Oscar for Best Picture goes to..
watching it when it has only 63 views????????
I'm so proud of you harry and will always support you every step of the way
you had me at Christopher Nolan
OMGG
can't make any jokes
45th view and 13th like
ALL ABOARD THE HYPE TRAIN woot Woot!!!
Trump 2016! Like
Tom Hardy????????s in a film directed by Christopher Nolan and you know it's going to be absolute fireeeee.?????€????????€????????€????????€???
dajeee
Finally out!!!
WOW
seconds
1
first
OMG
First
First
